academic
ADHESION
Advertisement
Agricultural
Agriculture
Agronomist
air
Algae
algorithm
allegory
allergy
ALLOY
ammunition
amplitude
anapaest
anarchy
anatomy
ancestor
anomaly
antimatter
antislip
anti-state
apostle
Apricot
archaeology
archangel
Archery
armistice
arsenal
arson
artefact
Artificial
artwork
assets
astronomical
Astronomy
atmosphere
atom
attachment
aunt
Autocracy
automation
Avocado
backstage
Badminton
baker
Bamboo
Banana
bandwidth
bank
bankrupcy
baritone
barley
barn
Basketball
bas-relief
batik
Battalion
Beam
bear
believer
Berry
biathlon
Bible
binary
BIOLOGY
biosphere
Bitter
Blender
Blog
bluebell
Blueprint
bomber
botanist
bourgeoisie
brakes
brass
breakfast
Brick
bricklayer
Brioche
broadcast
Broccoli
brochure
bronze
brother
brother-in-law
Bud
Buddhism
Buddhist
budget
Bulb
bull
Bulldozer
bullet
burglary
bus
Bush
CACTUS
calf
calligraphy
cancer
car
cardiologist
Carrot
cartoon
Cash
cat
Catholic
Catholicism
Cattle
Cauliflower
cavity
celery
cell
Cello
century
Certainly
chaff
champion
championship
channel
chapel
Cheesecake
Chess
Chestnut
chicken
child
chivalry
Chocolate
Christianity
chronicles
chrysanthemum
church
civilization
clarinetist
clay
Cloudy
clutch
Coconut
coil
Coin
collage
columnist
Comet
commission
competition
concept
Concrete
conservative
consolidation
CONSTITUTION
consulate
continuum
contralto
copper
core
Corn
correlation
corruption
cow
crack
Crane
credentials
cricket
crime
criminal
crocodile
crop
crop-rotation
crusade
cryptocurrency
Cucumber
cultivate
cultivation
cuneiform
Currency
cycle
Cycling
Cyclone
Cymbals
dactyl
daisy
Damp
dandelion
database
daughter
debate
declaration
defect
demand
democracy
depression
diabetes
diarrhea
Digital
diplomat
disarmament
discography
discrete
dismantling
doctor
documentary
dog
dogs
drainage
drought
Drums
dynasty
Earthquake
east
economy
ecosystem
Editorial
Eggplant
eight
ELECTION
elegy
elephant
embrittlement
emulsion
engine
engineer
engineering
entropy
Eozoic
epilepsy
epilogue
Eucharist
evangelist
Exceptional
exponential
expressionism
family
Farmer
father
feasibility
Fencing
fern
fertilize
feudalism
feudatory
fever
fiber
firecracker
firewall
fish
five
Flood
flooding
flowchart
Flower
flu
fluidity
Flute
Fog
Football
Forest
forgery
four
fox
Frog
Fruit
Galaxy
Garlic
garrison
GASTROENTEROLOGIST
gear
Geography
giraffe
Glacier
goalkeeper
goat
god
Golf
Goodbye
Gospels
gouache
government
graffiti
grandmother
grandparents
Grass
Great!
Greenhouse
grenade
Guitar
gymnasium
gynecologist
hamster
Handball
handbrake
hardness
harvest
hell
Hellenism
Hello
helmet
heraldry
herb
Hill
HIV
Hockey
homomorphism
horse
horticulture
hospital
hostilities
howitzer
husband
inequality
inflation
inhaler
injection
innovation
innovative
insomnia
insulin
insurance
interfaces
interlude
Internet
interpreter
invader
invasion
investigator
ion
irrigate
Irrigation
Islam
Island
ivy
jaguar
javelin
jogging
Joist
Journalism
Judaism
judge
Judo
jury
justice
Karate
kayak
kitten
Lake
lamb
landlord
law
law-abiding
lawyer
leaflet
Leaves
LED
leopard
liberal
livestock
looter
loss
lunch
machete
magazines
magnetism
maintenance
Mango
marsh
mass
match
Meadow
mechanism
medicine
metaphor
Meteorite
method
metro
mezzo-soprano
Microwave
militant
millennium
misdeed
missile
molecule
monarchy
money
monk
monkey
mosque
Moss
mother
mother-in-law
mouse
movie
multiply
murder
mushroom
musician
musket
muslim
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
Nanotechnology
nettle
newsprint
nine
No
north
NOTARY
nun
Ocean
offer
ONCOLOGIST
one
ophthalmologist
Orchard
orchestra
ore
Orthodoxy
ovation
paganism
pain
painkillers
painter
paradise
parent
parents
password
pattern
pediatrician
penalty
penicillin
pesticides
Pet
Petals
pharmacy
photonovel
pianist
Piano
Picotechnology
pilgrimage
Pistachio
plane
Planet
Plantation
Plants
plasma
Please
political
politician
pouring
pray
PRESIDENT
Press
prices
priest
procurator
product
profit
prohibited
projector
Propaganda
Protestantism
proton
prototype
psychologist
publications
pulmonologist
punish
punishment
rabbit
Radio
radiologist
Ranch
rape
rapier
Raspberry
rat
referee
refugee
Regiment
religion
religious
repentance
repertoire
republic
River
robot
Root
Rose
Rugby
rustless
Sailing
salad
salary
Salty
Satellite
Saucepan
sausage
Scaffolding
Score
script
Sculpture
sect
Seed
sensational
seven
sheath
shelter
shrub
silencer
sister
six
slogan
son
Song
So-so
soundtrack
Sour
south
specifications
Spicy
sprint
Sprout
Squad
Star
steel
Strawberry
strike
subway
suffrage
Summit
superconductivity
supper
Surely
suspect
Sweet
synagogue
tabloid
Taxi
tea
team
temple
ten
tenant
Tennis
theory
thistle
three
toast
Toaster
tournament
TRADEMARK
train
transmission
tree
tribe
trolleybus
Trumpet
two
uncle
username
Vanilla
vengeance
veto
Violin
Volleyball
weapons
welding
west
Wheat
Wheelbarrow
wife
workbench
wound
x-ray
Xylophone
Yes
3D printing
a bayonet
Adjacent triangle
adoptive mother
aggressive separatism
Agricultural practices
air blast
amateur dramatics
amateur sport
animal husbandry
anxiety disorder
arable cultivation
Art Exhibition
Art gallery
artillery emplacement
a shotgun
assistant auditor
average income
Bank account
bank deposit
basil sauce
behavioral patterns
besieged fortress
biological mother
bipolar disorder
Black hole
breaking news
Broadband internet
Bronze Age
building mixture
bulk production
business loan
cable TV
cactus juice
capital-intensive agriculture
Central Bank
cereal grain
certified architect
chat online
Chocolate mousse
clogged drain
cloud storage
combat readiness
combat tank
comic strip
common ancestor
concrete mixer
Construction site
continuous-flow irrigation
coriander sauce
crawler-tread tractor
Criminal Law
Crop cultivation
crop failure
cuneiform tablets
current affairs
current politics
Debit card
discus throw
dowel pin
Downhill skiing
drippy faucet
Dump truck
ecological disaster
educational programme
electrical conductor
electrical engineering
Electric guitar
Electric whisk
engine failure
environmental problems
equestrian sport
Evaporated milk
exchange currency
Excuse me
EXTENSIVE AGRICULTURE
Family Law
Fertilizer application
Field irrigation
fighter jet
fighting trench
Figure skating
financial literacy
flow production
foreign policy
french poetry
Frying pan
gas welding
Genghis Khan
geological epoch
geologic epoch
get engaged
get married
global warming
Goat cheese
Good morning
Good night
Greenhouse cultivation
green iguana
Green vegetables
guard dog
guerrilla warfare
gutter press
gypsum plasterboard
Hard hat
heart disease
high jump
Holy Trinity
Holy Week
hunting dog
Ice age
Ice climbing
INDEPENDENT PRESS.
individual trench
INTENSIVE CULTIVATION
interest rate
International Law
It's foggy
It´s pouring
It's snowing
It´s windy
javelin throw
kidney disease
lambs bleat
Laser Method
LAW OFFICE
LEAF SURFACE
Leaking pipes
legal action
lengthwise cultivation
little sister
liver disease
Livestock farming
lobster sauce
Localized GUI
local market
local paper
long jump
Magna Charter
Main Features
mechanical engineering
mental illness
merovingian dynasty
Merry Christmas
Middle Ages
middle class
milk cow
mobile revolution
napoleonic era
natural calamity
newspaper article
New Testament
noise pollution
notary office
Offline translation
Oil painting
older brother
Old Testament
Orchard management
orchestra pit
organic agriculture
ozone hole
ozone layer
packing department
particle accelerator
PCR test
peaceloving country
picasso painting
plant flowers
Plant photosynthesis.
plug in
pole vaulting
political retaliation
political rights
political struggle
pollen grains
popular paper
Positional synthesis
post election
poverty level
Powdered milk
Pressure cooker
Private Users
procurator's office
production constraints
production standards
professional sport
Property Law
prune-juice expectoration
prune-juice sputum
public order
purchasing power
purebred cat
Quantum Cryptography
real estate
reduce pollution
Reflective prism
Refracting telescope
renewable energy
resistance test
resource mining
Root node.
root system
run-off election
Seamless integration
sect member
Seed coat.
sharp pain
Shortcuts customization
soap opera
Solar system
space bar
Spherical coordinates
straight ahead
stray dog
surface-to-air missile
suspended ceiling
Table tennis
Tax Law
technical requirements
Tectonic motion
Thank you
The gravity
thermal adhesion
thyroid disease
to boil
to capitulate
to compile
to debug
to download
to fry
to grill
to peel
to plug
to roast
to vote
transfer money
Trigonometric leveling
tropical-savanna climate
truck driver
Turn left.
Turn right.
TV guide
verification email
vice president
Virgin Mary
weather forecast
web hosting
White cheese
wild horse
window/door replacement
wireless technologies
withdraw cash
working experience
yield stress
Zoo animals
A badminton player
A basketball player
accumulator hydraulic system
a criminal court
a criminal proceeding
A football player
a healthy environment
all-around fire trench
an investment portfolio
another virtual machine
a nuclear war
application consistent bookmark
arable land cultivation
attack civilian targets
built-in navigation computer
built-in navigation system
Call a doctor
climate change objectives
climate-related natural disasters
consolidated volcanic ash
continuous processing line
controlled organic cultivation
cultivating and harvesting
decorate with flowers
erupted volcanic rock
fertile volcanic soil
geomagnetic polarity epoch
ground water irrigation
hand-operated steering gear
Happy New Year
Help me, please
herd of elephants
herd of horses
hydraulic tracing equipment
I am blind.
I am pregnant.
I am vaccinated.
i cultivate flowers
I don't understand
I feel dizzy.
I feel nauseous.
industrial virtual reality
It's my anniversary.
It's my birthday.
large-scale mining operations
late baroque architecture
major volcanic eruptions
maximum allowable emissions
My head hurts
One ticket to
open system architecture
ozone depleting substances
painter of landscapes
placer mining area
remove email address
run-off presidential election
scotch beef sausage
super-sulphated metallurgical cement
swarf powder metallurgy
swedish potato sausage
The asteroid belt
the lion-tiger hybrid
The Milky Way
The space probe
to declare war
to recite poetry
to withdraw troops
unsmoked liver sausage
update sites bookmark
WATER STORAGE TANK
Water the plants.
western jin dynasty
When is Ramadan?
aromatic herbs and flowers
automation of steering function
breccia filled volcanic pipe
Can you tell me
climate change on earth
cultivation of food crops
deliver a besieged garrison
Donald Trump has COVID-19.
Do you speak English?
email with all information
flesh coloured passion flower
freshly squeezed orange juice
He studies contemporary literature.
hydraulic torque converter transmission
I have a fever
I have been robbed
I love my family.
I was like, WHAT?!
Listen to your father.
lyric and amatory poetry
marked a new era
match the email address
May God bless you.
members of the dynasty
My family is big.
over a century ago
painter of watercolour landscapes
Pheasant with blackberry sauce.
Please call a doctor!
pose for a painter
referenced radio navigation system
Salmon with curry sauce.
the lion that roars
There's a storm approaching
usher a new era
virtual storage access method
What is your name?
Where is the pain?
Addiction has ruined your life.
Artillery prepared for action, sir.
asphalt emulsion pump hydraulic motor
Butterflies live for three days.
"Canción" means song in Spanish.
Chocolate, caramel, lollipop, hot sauce.
Civil law, including inheritance law,
Does this train stop in?
Do you celebrate Labor Day?
Do you have the symptoms?
Except, of course, happy birthday.
Faith is based on substance.
fried sprats in tomato sauce
Graduates have a 50% discount.
He suggested calling a doctor.
How much does this cost?
I do not have money.
I like your style, Braddock.;)
I've lost my religious faith.
Juice is on the table.
Look at Napoleon and Wellington
low-altitude air field attack munition
My dog likes chasing squirrels.
Napoleon has landed at Cannes
Newspapers that sympathize with me.
Organic farming encourages crop diversity.
political activity of the masses
rapid solidification rate powder metallurgy
Rocket Artillery, prepare for bombardment.
run up to the election
Seeing a curling match, Gibbs.
Spinach dumpling in tomato sauce.
Successful British company, 37,000 jobs.
That digression is an elephant.
the holding of an election
The wallpaper had rolled away.
This is a medical emergency.
tractor mounted swath turning machine
We didn't commit a crime.
What is your favorite animal?
What was Napoleon responsible for?
What...what happened to my clothes?
Where is the bus to?
A cartridge of N2O will suffice.
A girl born into fabulous wealth.
All plants need water and light.
Always sleeping in the all-night cinema.
Antarctica has a unique volcanic history.
Are you allergic to any medication?
Armadillos are small to medium-sized mammals.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
Artillery volleys thundered, zastrekotat machine guns.
Because I like pesto and jams.
Blend until the pesto is smooth.
Blonde-haired kid from two dark-haired parents.
Books and other amusements were shared.
Children may attend school during treatment.
Christianity is peaceful and Islam violent.
Civil law, family & inheritance law
Companies generate jobs, people generate jobs.
Consider a proton inside the nucleus.
Cross-country skiing is popular in Norway.
Does it hurt when you breathe?
Do not worry about me, friends.
"El Ganador" means winner in Spanish.
Every room has a massage chair.
Faith is enough, even for God.
Grenda, twins are born birthday experts.
Here is cushion for porch chair.
He works with artificial intelligence... robotics.
His real parents must be somewhere.
How about rigatoni in anchovy sauce?
How do you celebrate Christmas here?
How much is a ticket to?
I also broke your lawn chair.
I even enjoy the cinema alone.
I have a lot of flowers
I like the works of Picasso
In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
Islam is not only a religion.
Isolate bricks are harder to destroy.
It's difficult to separate your feelings.
I want to make a toast
I was vaccinated against the flu.
Jack helped me solve my equation.
Lasting peace cannot simply be political.
Losing our parents nearly broke him.
Mormon theology includes three main movements.
My family circle is very small.
No one was inside the apartment.
OK, good luck, let's go. ^_^
Our parents thought domestication was unnatural.
painter of scenes of everyday life
Paint, plaster, wood, cement, asbestos, glass.
Pregnant women often experience morning sickness.
Ray was convicted of felony assault.
SAN Ltd Tactical breaching electro-hydraulic gear.
Saving the rest for her divorce.
Scroll up to the last subroutine
She said your parents were friends.
Some people are born for greatness.
Sweeteners for medical or diabetic use
The brake on the chain-block failed.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
The gears are a bit tricky.
the lion has a mighty roar.
The magazine ceased publication in 2005.
The match finished 2-1 to Celtic.
Then use the 🤪 emoji best.
The Panda Is Not a Bear
The political fallout might be great.
There will be no political status.
The soldiers resisted the enemy attack.
They still need a couple parents.
This equation describes how gravity behaves.
This era is called the Anthropocene.
to recite poetry to the audience
Turned out to be spaghetti sauce.
Two F/A-18s dropping air-to-surface guided missiles.
Virtual confirms that cinema has exploded.
volcanic ash forecast and dispersion chart
We sang him happy birthday anyway.
with walnut pesto, lemon and mint
You are now a religious icon.
you will be informed by email
you will be sent an email
And cranberry sauce, our little Thanksgiving tradition.
"And did Jesus describe himself as "God?
And you can see the new wallpaper.
Anything to stop you dating your co-workers.
A panda is often called a bear.
As far as legal liability is concerned...
Baked oysters with cheese and other seafood.
B. Marital property law and inheritance law
Books on progressive rock are astonishingly successful.
Books that triggered major reflection and debate.
Chicken fillet baked with bacon and cheese
Close the facebook window after authenticating successfully.
Construction materials are expensive at the moment.
Cover it with a layer of pesto.
Fellow wrestlers also paid tribute to Luna.
First item of business... our maiden voyage.
Fresh snow brought about a festive atmosphere.
GDP growth has slowed markedly in 2008.
He is known as a great painter
HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF SAINT LUCIA
His illness resulted from eating too much.
How much is the rent per month?
Human rights are universal, indivisible and inter-related.
Human rights of minority groups in Kosovo
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
It even has its own emoji 😱.
Kill 5 Snipers before they see you
Let us not know about my marriage.
Look at the mountains covered with snow.
Microsoft enables digital transformation for federal governments.
Modern bathroom stools combine practicality to appearance.
My wife called about the rocking chair.
Nanotechnology is the science of molecular engineering.
Neutrons each have a proton and electron.
Not only discount coupons catch people's attention.
Our co-workers are scattered around the globe.
Paved areas with bricks to walk barefoot.
Preschool education Levels of education include pre-school.
roofing tiles, cladding, flooring or architectural products.
Salami, pesto, and spaghetti and meatballs, pasta...
Sean admitted the marriage was in trouble.
Seniors born 1938 and older are free.
Sex determination in lizards can be temperature-dependent.
🙎 Smart emoji prediction for your words
Snipers on the north and south rooftops.
Social media as an invasion of privacy.
Someone in complete control of their feelings.
That school was definitely not a school.
The cat is playing with a mouse.
The country has reserves of metallurgical-grade chromite.
The enemy agent killed them and escaped.
The garden was covered with fallen leaves.
The last expression is the logarithmic mean.
The N2O emissions are also very sporadic.
The post-election violence has claimed five victims.
The slightest delay can shift political balances.
The steering wheel shivered in my hands.
The thing is, my cat is shy.
They had to describe their favorite animals.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
This website hosts the facebook user information.
Twin sisters who split over a divorce.
Usually newspapers and magazines have many opinions.
What great faith Abraham had in God!
What your father discovered killed our parents.
When the official arrived, the apartment exploded.
Working with artificial intelligence can be dehumanizing.
Your government now considers them enemy combatants.
A marriage only works as an equal partnership.
Any breach by you may cause legal liability.
At disposal: wedding room, conference room, banquet room.
Body language: pay attention to your nonverbal language.
Cheese ends the meal and always precedes dessert.
Civil law: purchase sales, inheritance law, family law.
Common metals and their alloys, including cast iron
Demand for the ultrasonic type has dwindled considerably.
Ending in divorce 6 months impetuous teen marriage.
Found a janitor dead in the storage closet.
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
GDP growth has nothing to do with sustainability.
Hawk observed the intruder mantle over the rabbit.
He is well involved in Islamic religious institutions.
He listens to a short wave radio station.
However, most superheroes are born with beyond-human qualities.
How many crops does she have in rotation?
How many sheep are there in this flock?
How much does it cost to get to?
How much do you know about artificial intelligence?
Human religion is more open than divine religion.
In 2000, real GDP growth amounted to 2.9%.
In organic farming synthetic pesticides are generally prohibited.
Islamic theology experienced further developments among Shia theologians.
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
It's two friends and co-workers out for dinner.
It was really fun to train other co-workers.
Judaism is a religion that Jewish people follow.
Kublai Khan established the Yuan Dynasty in 1271.
Litigation was filed on behalf of 38,000 litigants.
Look at all those parents whose kids disappeared.
Make pesto with sun-dried tomatoes instead of basil.
Meanwhile mix the cheese with eggs and pesto.
Mountains are dangerous when they are very snowy.
New design and modern vaulted ceiling with bricks.
not a cat, not a dog, a hare
Nothing fixes a broken home like a chair.
Not knowing your biological parents has an upside.
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
Other ornamental plants are cultivated for their blooms.
Outra amiga do facebook - another friend facebook
Pay tribute to a long and happy marriage.
Pierre kills Napoleon or Napoleon defeats General Kutusov.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
Political comments 'seasoned' to pesto for administrative results.
Reinterviewing neighbours and colleagues, looking at local tradesmen.
Seasoned timber is better for construction and joinery.
Selling multiplayer online game currency for real cash?
Some may not agree but I don't care.
Someone asked how her political views have shifted.
Sound was the great achievement of early cinema.
Subject: Human rights dialogues with Latin American countries
Take 3 teaspoons daily dessert spread over meals.
That can be especially true with political events.
The comfortable bathroom features a spacious stone shower.
The currency of Gibraltar is the pound sterling.
The presumption of innocence not applying in infanticide.
The problem is our parents are being notified.
The school moved to its current school building.
The sheep in the field are eating grass.
This building is Algeria's presidency of the republic.
Those were the words of my marriage proposal.
Tom worked for a construction company in Boston.
Ultrasonic Transducers are also used in acoustic levitation.
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
What is the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
Will these jobs be replaced by artificial intelligence?
Would you put the candles on the table?
y grandmother is the oldest in this town.
You commit a crime with witsec, you're out.
Your dream vacation to Paris will cost $5,000.
You've become exceptionally adept at overriding your feelings.
About 97% of Earth's water is in the ocean.
Additional results were provided by Microsoft's Bing search engine.
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
Algeria has a warm Mediterranean climate in the north.
Australia's Great Barrier Reef is threatened by climate change.
Baked peppers with garlic and oregano, and medium-aged cheeses.
Because we are board certified attorneys in inheritance law.
BOBCAT snowblowers for sale from Poland, buy snowblower, XE4428
Certains cats born from crossings can have longer hair.
Chapter 28 presents a summary of Reformed baptismal theology.
Christianity is currently the largest religion in the Netherlands.
Climate-related risks will continue to grow without additional action.
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
Curries are the most well-known part of Indian cuisine.
Delights delicious - and red pesto ensures Mediterranean sharpness.
Do not worry, we'll see miss trouble soon enough.
For other non-copper alloys these requirements may be different.
For sales prices, currency is also a mandatory criterion.
For the Springboks, it ended a five-match losing streak.
Fuel consumption WHSC test in diesel mode (x2):... g/kWh
Got caught stealing satellite photos of American military bases.
Hawaii is a volcanic archipelago in the Pacific Ocean.
Heat-seeking missiles are useless against a mobile oppression palace.
He is really competitive when it comes to football.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
Home to more than 50 different types of mammals.
I broke your bathroom window with your lawn chair.
Imagine out in public all his co-workers were there.
I'm an observant Muslim and I don't smoke weed.
I ran face recognition software on every available database.
It is a high-accuracy hydraulic scale for counterbalanced trucks.
Martial arts are also popular combat sports in Lebanon.
Mass media has a great influence on culture construction.
Members of staff shall behave loyally towards their colleagues.
Nanotechnology, it's technology that operates on a nanite scale.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
OK, linguine and seafood in a light pesto sauce.
On the right-hand side, you see an ultrasonic transducer.
Or do you think clothing would be more appropriate?
Our facebook goal for this week is 750 'likes'.
People born under this sign are creative and independent.
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
Private room with shared bathroom and private room en-suite.
Propylene carbonate is used as a polar, aprotic solvent.
Radioactive cadmium isotope source for portable X-ray fluorescence spectrometers.
Rail travel is highly recommended for long distance travel.
Romantic relationships tend to increase in prevalence throughout adolescence.
Self-adhesive plaster based on natural hydraulic lime for fastening...
Snipers on every rooftop within a three block radius.
Social media is way for expression of ideas freely.
So he discussed with his colleagues an exit strategy.
The building material used were resistant sun-dried mud bricks.
The cherry tree blooms earlier this year than usual.
The diversity of flowering plants is not evenly distributed.
The dog is running thinking it saw a cat.
The election in the U.S. was an anti-establishment election.
The exosphere is the outermost layer of our atmosphere.
The guillotine was widely used during the French Revolution.
The language names used are the translated language names.
The law firm for inheritance law and estate planning.
The most generic forms of Ukrainian kovbasa include garlic.
The official name of Italy is the Italian Republic.
The Pacific Ocean is one of the five oceans.
The Premier League is the main English football championship.
There is a good chance that taxes will increase.
There is no freedom of religion in this country.
The stories are just soap opera and that's it.
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
Tom earned money by working at the local supermarket.
Tom has been sentenced to three consecutive life sentences.
Tomogrammysnimatsya after introduction 'a flyuoro-dezoksiglyukoza or isotope of oxygen-15.
Ultrasonic technology has been used for multiple cleaning purposes.
Welcome to new special social media webpage facebook VIP.
We'll be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
When q = 1, the above equation is undefined.
Your carpet backing and furniture may contain foam rubber.
28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla.
A chain of mountains protects the valley from northern winds.
A key theme that rightly concerned many colleagues was subsidiarity.
Allergies, asthma and other respiratory problems are on the increase.
All your colleagues are showing some kind of leadership potential.
Also, Fairbanks is a hub for cross-country skiing in Alaska.
Anahata is represented by a lotus flower with twelve petals.
Antisemitism in America reached its peak during the interwar period.
Artillery and anti-tank units include two brigades and a regiment.
As temperatures rise, plants need more water to keep cool.
Bacteriostatic action on hemolytic streptococcus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and viridans streptococci.
Before I converted to Islam, I was living in darkness.
Belief in a future Messiah is central to Orthodox Judaism.
Blend until the pesto reaches the creamy consistency you desire.
Blueberries are perennial flowering plants with blue or purple berries.
Books have impact on our spiritual development and moral qualities.
Causes of dementia depend on the age when symptoms begin.
CEPOL is a cooperation network linking national police training institutes.
Climate change threatens to exacerbate existing social and economic inequalities.
Cogeneration as energy choice integrated in the bricks production process.
Disc with integrated drum- with or without parking brake function.
Do not worry, I'm building a new one for you.
Dornálaíocht is the Irish word for boxing, dorn meaning fist.
Flash-frozen in nitrogen, and served with a basil pesto foam.
Halloran is a homicide detective in the city police department.
He believed in God but he didn't have any religion.
"He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness.
He thinks political power means getting a good restaurant table.
He was sentenced to one year in prison in Bulgaria.
If available, isotope studies can measure zinc status more accurately.
Immense brick warehouses abutted the waterfront across from berthed ships.
In 2006 on average, real GDP growth was above potential.
India has two intermediate-range missiles named Agni 1 and 2.
In Islam, having sex outside of marriage leads to death.
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
In the traditional English common law, adultery was a felony.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
Most stains are removed by dissolving them with a solvent.
My name is Seeley, and I have a gambling addiction.
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7:2.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris dates from the Middle Ages.
On behalf of the government, the mass media are abused.
On the Home menu, select Settings, Wireless, and then Networks.
Paella is one of the best-known dishes in Spanish cuisine.
Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Partisans on both sides sought any advantage they could find.
Passengers were given water as they waited in 90F heat.
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Pittman suggested that conditions wouldn't improve until sometime next week.
Pomegranate sepals and drying stamens after fertilization and petal fall.
Power steering fluid is a sub type of hydraulic fluid.
Precision agriculture is an application of breakthrough digital farming technologies.
Room was comfortable and bathroom was much bigger than expected.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times.
Some vaccines have non-specific effects beyond the disease they prevent.
Some wireless range extending devices connect via a USB port.
Speech language select the dropdown to choose your desired language.
That is, pairing the existing warheads with Iranian ballistic missiles.
That law amends the LOCM and the LCD, among others.
The cat began to tear at the mouse it caught.
The climate here is warm for most of the year.
The Conservatives returned to power at the 1924 General Election.
The deep layers of the ocean is still almost unexplored.
The hydraulic compression strapping system design facilitates maintenance and operation.
The hydraulic connections on the various components use quick connectors.
Their mission was to document the insurrection for cinema screenings.
The JVP used various militant arms to attack the enemy.
The president removes the national police operations and attacks detractors.
"The recipe for "Chicken fillet baked with bacon and cheese:
The sheep is white with black rings around her eyes.
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
The village mainly supports itself through agriculture, especially rice farming.
This slow Internet connection is really getting on my nerves.
Two wire transfers to your banks totalling 180 million dollars.
Unlike many of my colleagues I cannot endorse these positions.
US has established approximately 1,000 military bases throughout the world.
We had this cheese sauce, it irritated my dad's IBS.
We have substantial coronal mass ejection with intense proton activity.
We would like to reserve a table for 6 o'clock.
When I was twelve, my father fought his last match.
Within Judaism, candles are symbolic of special events throughout life.
Women and transgender men are not allowed in the organization.
3 Lifetime at compressed air temperature of 30 °C and max.
Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
According to our records, you were reared in the Protestant faith.
Addiction - an impulse that, once indulged, is impossible to pacify.
Adventist doctrine resembles trinitarian Protestant theology, with premillennial and Arminian emphases.
Anal warts are irregular, verrucous lesions caused by human papilloma virus.
An isotope profile will allow us to narrow down possible geographical...
Armenia was the first country to make Christianity its state religion.
Artificial intelligence and machine-learning, robotics, nanotechnology, 3D-printing, and genetics and biotechnology.
Artificial intelligence is a broad field encompassing numerous technologies and applications.
Artillery forces emphasized towed guns, howitzers, and truck-mounted multiple rocket launchers.
At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
Both versions have a mechanical distributor and three hydraulic gear pumps.
Create authentic, eye-catching classic Japanese calligraphy effects with our unique patterns.
Data security prevents unauthorized users from viewing or updating the database.
Deal 1,000 damage to opponents to unlock the Fortnite Birthday! Emoticon
Despite the hysterectomy, Péron's cervical cancer had metastasized and returned rapidly.
Dieffenbachia/ˌdiːfɪnˈbækiə/is a genus of tropical flowering plants in the family Araceae.
Earth's atmosphere and oceans were formed by volcanic activity and outgassing.
Elland Road hosted two matches of the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Everyone is entitled to the presumption of innocence and to representation.
Everything is going smooth, and he wishes you a happy birthday.
Farmers unable to survive in the new environment generally abandon agriculture.
Government investment growth is also expected to remain above GDP growth.
He also was convicted of murder Lauren Edgar, a paranormal investigator.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
High-power ultrasonic emitters are used in commercially available ultrasonic cleaning devices.
Holistic pet store and gentle grooming salon for dogs and cats.
I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
If is a binary operation, then h(x y) = h(x) h(y).
If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point.
I'm Muslim and you are my brothers and sisters in humanity.
In fact, every Premier League club reported record revenues in 2013/14.
In July 2004, Fadil was sentenced to 24 years in jail.
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Marketing authorisation holders shall access those reports through the Eudravigilance database.
Mass media affect profoundly in shaping the personality of young people.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
Most wireless LAN equipment is designed to work within predefined standards.
My cat gave birth to four kittens, purring all the time.
Nanotechnology has the potential to reshape the entire world, Kurzweil exclaims.
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women's ranks.
Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
Number of farms or mollusc farming areas expected to be depopulated
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
Our house has scaffolding around it this week, due to renovations.
Peel vegetables and blanch them in a pot plenty of water.
Perhaps metallurgical analysis would be a more rewarding vocation for you.
Pilot hits a button, Rains missiles down on the bad guys.
Plants in the environment help slow down the process of erosion.
Religion is a matter of the heart, not of the head.
Religion is an evil that can be cured by Cartesian knowledge.
Roman Emperor Caligula had a horse called Incitatus which means fast.
See the other products BOBCAT maintenance utility vehicle/gasoline/drop-side M 200 H
Since 1996 he has been a full-time writer of detective novels.
Sochi has a subtropical climate and temperatures rarely fall below freezing.
Social media has allowed for mass cultural exchange and intercultural communication.
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
The characters advance from room to room, alternating combat and exploration.
The construction of the huge building started a long time ago.
The Djurdjura mountains are a mountain chain located in northeastern Algeria.
The equivalent in Korean is jo (조), and tổ in Vietnamese.
The hydraulic demand fan automatically adjusts speed according to cooling requirements.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
Then all that about the partisans and the execution is true.
The perennial philosophy originates from a blending of neo-Platonism and Christianity.
The President's decision to reshuffle the portfolios can take effect immediately.
The Psalms have always been an important part of Catholic liturgy.
Therefore the applicant performed another statistical evaluation using the original database.
There was no furniture, no bed or chair, and no mattress.
These people frequently suffer from addiction to drugs, alcohol and Facebook.
These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
The variant with pine nuts is very similar to modern pesto.
The vice president fully supports the president's initiatives on police reform.
The wallpaper will be removed and the walls will be plastered.
This lamp exquisite, simple transforms the room into a room spectacular.
Three months from now, I'll be stuffing your pockets with money.
Tom and Mary thought John knew how much they hated opera.
Tom is here to help Mary figure out her income taxes.
Training and education, mine risk education, recreational activities and psychosocial support.
Two black stripes around the neck give these lizards their name.
Type I Portland cement is known as common or general-purpose cement.
Welcome to the 10th exhibition of work of the artist Picasso.
Yellowstone Park has many thermal areas of geysers and mud pots.
23 Mammals have other features, also, that are not found in reptiles.
According to some scholars, a third division, the Anthropocene, has now begun.
A combination of bathroom furniture suspended to make a creative furnishing solution.
A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
A more controversial link is that between Chlamydophila pneumoniae infection and atherosclerosis.
An artificial-intelligence researcher who designs robots that resemble and behave like insects.
An example of Euler's formula: in this case V=7, E=10 and F=5.
Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
An ultrasonic level or sensing system requires no contact with the target.
Augustus was one of seven children, four of whom survived to adulthood.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
Built up his company guarding diplomats in military bases with private security.
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
Continue alternating peppers, cod and seasoning each layer with the spinach pesto.
Deforestation is more extreme in tropical and subtropical forests in emerging economies.
Dried lotus seeds past their prime oxidize to a yellow brown color.
Eastern Rite Catholic bishops celebrating Divine Liturgy in their proper pontifical vestments.
Erosion impoverishes the quality of the soils, reducing their suitability for agriculture.
Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points.
Glacial acetic acid is an excellent polar protic solvent, as noted above.
He wrote an opera about a stick insect going through high school.
Historically, solvent-based lubricants, such as diesel fuel and kerosene, were commonly used.
Honoured guests may be reassured that gravity pockets may cause slight turbulence.
Industry-standard Microsoft technologies integrate with existing IT infrastructure and ensure system scalability.
Layla converted to Islam and started to wear the hijab straight away.
Madam President, it is as the Commission says in its explanatory statement.
Marcus Aurelius, called the Philosopher, was a Roman emperor and Stoic philosopher.
Mass media has become a driving force to discrimination based on gender.
Poythress further expounded a multiperspectival approach to theology in his Symphonic Theology.
Reindeer have been herded for centuries by the Sami and the Nenets.
Road construction, other infrastructure development, and illegal collecting can impact fossil-bearing units.
Rugby union is popular, particularly in Paris and the southwest of France.
Standard single room, superior single room, standard double/twin room, superior double/twin room.
Studie: after middle school I attended the hotel school for a year.
Such an interference may cause undesired side effects (interference with infection; carcinoma).
Super middleweight, or light cruiserweight, is a weight class in combat sports.
That didn't seem to make sense to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
The Association has also established important partnerships with foreign university promotion agencies
The club is playing in the Libyan Premier League for this season.
The early stages of cervical cancer may be completely free of symptoms.
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
The flowers are arranged in a racemose inflorescence of extremely long-lasting blooms.
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
Their home, furniture and most of their possessions also went into destruction.
The language of chemistry is universal, and each chemical formula is unique.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
The ocean covers more than 70% of the surface of our planet.
The proton is obviously made of a whole bunch of little particles.
Thermocouples are often used at high temperatures and in reactive furnace atmospheres.
The watchman said: The morning has to come, and also the night.
This comfortable club chair is a sophisticated and elegant living room chair.
This is a trade fair for language holiday agencies and language schools.
This is the largest cat in the world - the lion-tiger hybrid.
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show "Troy.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window with his date.
Two beams of light have been rigged up to point skywards overnight.
We have successfully worked out over 100 series of micro DC motors.
We were getting close to something, and they sent us a warning.
We will be the first attacking the partisans on their own territory.
Whortleberry may refer to the berries of several plants of genus Vaccinium.
With this high methane content can be fed into natural gas pipeline.
After his father died, Michael had tried to make amends with his mother.
American cinema, which is the best in the world, is propelled by Jews.
And kill they do, in East Africa up to 70,000 elephants a year.
Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
Basically, it is a metal alloy in which tin is the major component.
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
"But the next morning he called back and said: "I've found your property.
By contrast, the currency issue in the European crisis is difficult to pinpoint.
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
Coralline algae holds together some coral reefs and is present in multiple ecosystems.
Daniels retired with an undefeated professional kickboxing record of 4-0-0 with 2 knockouts.
"During the Soviet Union, there were two big newspapers - "Pravda" and "Izvestiia.
Electrometallurgy involves metallurgical processes that take place in some form of electrolytic cell.
Fadil has returned to the construction site to finish all the job there.
Fiji has produced some of the finest rugby league players in the world.
Geysers were active until the 1980s when a geothermal power plant was erected.
God's mercy, according to Islamic theology, is what gets a person into paradise.
Historians disagree on the role and participation of women within the English coffeehouse.
If the taxes don't get it, the inflation will eat it all up.
I hereby call a general election to be held on Tuesday, June 11th.
In 2002, Crichton published Prey, about developments in science and technology; specifically nanotechnology.
In Occitan cuisine, aioli is typically served with seafood, fish soup, and croutons.
In some cases, Rottweilers have begun herding cattle without any experience at all.
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
In the Add Printer wizard, click Add a network, wireless or Bluetooth printer.
In the last years of the XVIII century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
It also had no authority to override tax laws and tariffs between states.
It is a species of flowering plant belonging to the cashew family, Anacardiaceae.
It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
Judaism has kept the art of the scribe alive up to the present.
Labial fusion, also called labial adhesion, is the fusion of the labia minora.
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
Most mammals appear to have a life expectancy of roughly a billion heartbeats.
Nanotechnology offers great opportunities for companies to realise both incremental and substantial innovations.
Oregano's most prominent modern use is as the staple herb of Italian cuisine.
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis; they also provide shade.
Production and sale of roofing tiles and antiqued guaranteed 40 years against frost.
Regenerative agriculture is a conservation and rehabilitation approach to food and farming systems.
Reply Popular America Culture Introduction Mass media and popular culture are quite interconnected.
Sami was found just as guilty as Layla and was sentenced to life.
Scientists have understood the fundamental physics of climate change for almost 200 years.
Self-defense laws in the United States, particularly regarding justifiable homicide, vary by state.
"She said",There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
That's our town's oldest building, and it must be kept no matter what.
The Caterpillar 930G is a hydraulic front end loader manufactured by Caterpillar Inc.
The chart below shows the initial standard spreads for the following currency pairs.
The equation linking TT and TCG is more commonly seen in the form.
The exudate shows a large peak at 1-1.6 ppm on proton MR spectroscopy.
The HP Elite x2 unites powerful security and manageability in an elegant frame.
The ice of southern Argentina is suffering from the effects of climate change.
The International Monetary Fund uses a different system when referring to national currencies.
The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
The Nika Riots constituted a sixth-century Turkish uprising against the Roman Emperor Justinian.
The Prophets and many Psalms strongly criticize the bloody sacrifices of the temple.
There's an old tractor in the barn that hasn't been used in years.
The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature.
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
The song was selected to represent Hungary in the 2019 Eurovision Song Contest.
The story has had considerable importance in the development of Christian pastoral theology.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
The two species of monotremes are the only mammals known to lay eggs.
The voltage produced by the sensor is nonlinear with respect to oxygen concentration.
The wave equation can be solved using the technique of separation of variables.
The workers who built the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs received paid sick leave.
The world rests upon an elephant and the elephant rests upon a tortoise.
The young of mammals are born alive and get milk from their mothers
This crosshead machine still had an open crankcase, similar to a steam engine.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
Today online education and e-learning have become an important form of post-secondary education.
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
Two hundred for a tiger, three hundred an elephant, seventy for a lion.
Until mid-to-late adolescence, boys and girls show relatively little difference in drinking motives.
Various forms of wireless communications technologies have been proposed for intelligent transportation systems.
We also have guancia ripiena, with fontina and sage, eggplant broccoli rabe pesto.
According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
"A curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid."
Advances were made in irrigation and farming, using new technology such as the windmill.
After lotus seed germination, crude protein and fat levels in the endosperm significantly increase.
After the flower blooms, a fruit develops that easily falls apart into five burs.
A Himalayan country of lush mountains, Bhutan is known as the world's last Shangri-la.
alerian was the first Roman Emperor to be captured as a prisoner of war.
Apparently, they have the technology to link artificial intelligence directly into the humanoid brain.
Aquatic algae are a significant contributor to food webs in tropical rivers and streams.
Around April 1906, he met Pablo Picasso, who was 11 years younger than Matisse.
As he looked into the mirror, he exclaimed: I see an old man approaching!
As this handsome certificate will attest, I finally attained the second level of kickboxing.
At this rate the tiger will be virtually extinct within the next five years.
A wheeled front loader tractor equipped with a large bucket elevated by hydraulic rams.
Brick roofing tiles and a type of cypress called hinoki were used for roofs.
But the pulmonary corrective's come all the way out, and the readings are good.
But there was a time when the lion and the lamb did live together.
By 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu had been restored and restoration continues till today.
Christianity has its roots in Judaism, and shares much of the latter faith's ontology.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
During blizzards, enough snow to get you stuck can fall in very little time.
During the full two-year observation period, N2O emissions were slightly higher under reduced tillage.
Emperor Napoleon III used the Palace on occasion as a stage for grand ceremonies.
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
Excellent for risottos and egg pasta, but also with short types of semolina pasta.
fax at number +39 010 6552939, or to the certified electronic mail address assemblea2012.ansaldosts@legalmail.it.
For example, they can lead to a very direct interpretation of the isotope effect.
Getting warheads on submarine-based missiles requires miniaturization technology that could need to be tested.
Green algae are photosynthetic unicellular and multicellular protists that are related to land plants.
Growth has been strong, inflation is under control, and international reserves have increased steadily.
Henry and I, provided financial assistance for people whom the banks would never entertain.
Here's the formula used in this example: (Revenue - Costs)/Costs) x 100 = ROI%
High tides bring us driftwood to be made into table lamps and other ornaments.
his is a diffusion equation, with an imaginary constant present in the transient term.
Human-caused climate change has caused land ice to melt and ocean water to expand.
If not from first-century Christianity, from where did the use of religious icons originate?
I moved here in 1970 and converted to organic farming around 15 years later.
In 1371 Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, issued a new charter to the city.
In 1994, the ethnically Armenian Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan waged war against the Azeris.
In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts.
Inmates cultivate, harvest and process an array of crops that make the facility self-supporting.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
I produce pasta, gourmet pasta, organic pasta and special pasta with a refined taste.
It must be a great religion, Rabbit thinks, once you get past the circumcision.
It was an old building, and the ceiling had been made of heavy plaster.
Kauhi died in Hilo at the age of 66 from complications due to diabetes.
Key words in this connection are nanotechnology, bionics, sensors from aerospace technology and robotics.
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and some is nearly uninhabited wilderness.
Late adolescence and early adulthood are peak years for the onset of bipolar disorder.
Leukaemia patients treated with busulfan developed many different cytological abnormalities, and some developed carcinomas
Lungfish are omnivorous, feeding on fish, insects, crustaceans, worms, mollusks, amphibians and plant matter.
Mass media wrote about Martynov more than once, emphasizing his contribution to Kobrin's history.
Milk is a white, nutrient-rich liquid food produced in the mammary glands of mammals.
Mobile homes are customarily sold completely furnished, including refrigerator, stove, furnace, draperies and furniture.
Montevideo is in the subtropics; in the summer months, temperatures above 30°C are common.
On January 17, both sides were to meet with the Reich chancellor, Adolf Hitler.
Public interest litigation and judicial activism on environmental issues extends beyond India's Supreme Court.
Rana catesbiana and Rana nigromaculata have mast cells in the lymphatics of the tongue.
Removal of language barriers, as our consultants interact with customers in their desired language.
Roofing tiles, chimney pots, cowls, chimney liners, architectural ornaments and other ceramic constructional goods
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
Sadly, we couldn't get any new clothes or even buy a futon for her.
Some historians argue that Buddhism became a major religion because of Ashoka's royal patronage.
Some smaller companies, indicated sometimes improperly as artisan pasta producers, produce particularly high-quality pasta.
Technically, any clinical diagnosis of influenza is a diagnosis of ILI, not of influenza.
That addresses, in my view, the issue of the relevance of the European Parliament.
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
The alloy groups tested and approved were C11000, C51000, C70600, C26000, C75200, and C28000.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, at times six miles wide.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
The crystal emits ultrasonic sound waves, which are bounced off the parabolic reflector, here.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards; Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
The marine iguana is a species of iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands.
The masonry of both predecessor buildings was integrated in the current triangular Renaissance castle.
The militaristic nature of the Roman empire aided in the development of medical advances.
The original raising mechanism was powered by pressurised water stored in several hydraulic accumulators.
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial.
The progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus is not inevitable for those with prediabetes.
The properties of HLP 32 hydraulic oil make it ideal for lubricating machine tools.
There are other anatomical differences, too, that indicate the panda is not a bear.
These many years later those summers by the temple still shine in my memory.
The serial killer has bought six thousand bullets for his weapons through the Web.
The solubility of a given solute in a given solvent is function of temperature.
The Tiramisu is the most typical Italian dessert, as well as my favorite dessert...
The Year encouraged more frequent and favourable coverage of volunteer issues by mass media.
They were closed with bricks, slabs of marble, or terra-cotta tiles, sealed with lime.
Thin crystal structure of undercoat zinc phosphates increases adhesion quality of paint to surface.
This boxing jersey & short is designed for all martial arts and combat sports.
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
Ultimately, the steam engine was developed and put to use pumping water from mines.
Watch, rings, bracelets, earrings, wallet, money, keys, any other piercings, everything in your pockets.
We are specialized in starting up pasta factories for the production of fresh pasta.
Wild aquatic birds are the natural hosts for a range of influenza A viruses.
With a stable state supported by a clear separation of religious and secular power.
You simply take the proton, and you hit it really sharply with an electron.
A brake fluid pressure sensor senses the brake fluid pressure in a hydraulic braking system.
Adolescence can be a period of experimentation, and many youths may question their sexual feelings.
All content will be developed through comprehensive media interactivity with students, using only social networks.
All scaling issues therefore need to be assessed thoroughly when evaluating nanotechnology for practical applications.
All these things and more highlight Ontario as what is considered quintessentially Canadian by outsiders.
Also I like him because he overcame his drug addiction and made his musical career.
And Bitcoin was the world's worst-performing currency in 2014, its value falling by almost 60%.
An oil burner is a part attached to an oil furnace, water heater, or boiler.
An up-bow usually generates a softer sound, while a down-bow is stronger and more assertive.
Autotomy of the tail, a feature found in some lizards is absent in most snakes.
Before buying furniture, it is always good to check on the serviceability of the fabric.
Buddhist socialism is a political ideology which advocates socialism based on the principles of Buddhism.
By early today, winds were around 83 km/h, and it was expect to keep weakening.
Childhood and adolescence allows the development of an internal working model useful for forming attachments.
Chromoplasts are plastids, heterogeneous organelles responsible for pigment synthesis and storage in specific photosynthetic eukaryotes.
Computer software relating to games, gaming, gambling, casino, bingo, instant win, lottery and betting activities
Concert, assembly, opera, theatre, drive, nothing is new to my Lady under the worn-out heavens.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
Eastern Colorado is presently mainly farmland and rangeland, along with small farming villages and towns.
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
Foxes are small to medium-sized, omnivorous mammals belonging to several genera of the family Canidae.
Garlic sausage is a type of meat sausage prepared using garlic as a primary ingredient.
He faced Europe's German-speaking leaders of Church and State, led by the Holy Roman Emperor.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
He was talking often about being bankrupt and he meant more than just monetary bankruptcy.
If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:
In administrative courts, such as the Council of State, litigation proceedings are markedly more inquisitorial.
In laminated composites, the adhesion between layers often fails first causing the layers to separate.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
It is helpful to also wear a ring (just not one that looks too expensive.
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
Just as in the body childhood, adulthood and old age happen to an embodied being.
Ladies and gentleman, the United Kickboxing Association of America welcomes you to your main event!
Ligurian pesto without garlic for those looking for a delicate flavor in their favorite seasoning.
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
Note: If cookies are deactivated, facebook will generate another machine every time you visit facebook.
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
Our competency-based education holds both learners and teachers accountable and ensures measurable outcomes of education.
Petal color may be white, pink, or purple, often with darker color on the nose.
Scientists are working to create a reactor that can make energy in the same way.
Soil protection can be maximized through the use of direct sowing methods for energy crops.
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
The Austrian defeat was followed by a new crisis in the health of Napoleon III.
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has now reached 400 parts per million.
The dynamic test shall be performed with a Class A coupling ball of appropriate strength.
The East African Islands are in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
The emoji keyboard was not officially made available outside of Japan until iOS version 5.0.
The endoskeleton is actuated by a powerful network of hydraulic servomechanisms, making Terminators superhumanly strong.
The future application of artificial intelligence in cybersecurity should reduce the success of hacker attacks.
The idea of eternity as it relates to God is an important concept in theology.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
The ocean absorbs about 30 percent of the CO₂ that is released in the atmosphere.
The original population hasn't changed at all, they still need the same adaptations as before.
The police officer was convicted in the district court, but acquitted before the High Court.
The roof is supported by creating a difference between the exterior and interior air pressure.
These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
The top few meters of the ocean store as much heat as Earth's entire atmosphere.
The U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary tightening in 1988 targeted the rapid inflation of the 1980s.
This adapter comes either by itself, or in a bundle with an Xbox Wireless Controller.
Those who are against the law amendment have not even responded publicly to the issue.
Unfortunately for the investigation, he had also paid in cash, leaving no credit card trail.
Virgin have only purchased the 'good bank' of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
Volcanic and tectonic actions in the region cause between 1,000 and 2,000 measurable earthquakes annually.
Widespread looting reportedly continued overnight, as law enforcement officers were not present on Bishkek's streets.
You know, it was like, you put a bottle of water here on the table.
Adolescence shows an increase in self-esteem that continues to increase in young adulthood and middle age.
After the brothers Lumier had invented the cinematography, the cinema widely spread all over the world.
Aged thermocouples are only partly modified; for example, being unaffected in the parts outside the furnace.
All fresh produce, even organic, can harbor residual pesticides, dirt or harmful microorganisms on the surface.
Another growing disease, especially prevalent in New York City hospitals, is the drug-resistant, gram-negative Klebsiella pneumoniae.
As a spiritual practice, Taoism has made fewer inroads in the West than Buddhism and Hinduism.
A semi end dump is a tractor-trailer combination wherein the trailer itself contains the hydraulic hoist.
A species of giant tortoise believed to be extinct was found alive in the Galapagos Islands.
Biological research on soil and soil organisms has proven beneficial to the system of organic farming.
Both H. influenzae and S. pneumoniae can be found in the upper respiratory system of humans.
Can be adjusted to 70 cm x 140 cm x y 60 cm x 120 cm
Chrysanthemum blooms are divided into 13 different bloom forms by the US National Chrysanthemum Society, Inc.
Continuous type furnaces are best suited to a steady flow of similar-sized parts through the furnace.
Delays in language development and a limited second language knowledge are some of the current opinions.
Description KK Emoji Keyboard makes you type 3000+ funny GIF, emoji, emoji, emoji in an instant.
Dual high voltage rectifier devices are suited for free-wheeling function in converters and motor control circuits.
Earlier in the development of the genre, school stories avoided dealing with adolescence or puberty directly.
Engine speed and motorcycle speed on the test track must be determined to within ± 3%.
First, classical Roman Catholicism teaches that regeneration occurs at baptism, a view known as baptismal regeneration.
For example, the idea of marriage is a religious idea, a thing that comes from God.
Had Hitler and the Nazis never come to power, then the Holocaust would not have happened.
"He encouraged developing countries "to avoid the old path of polluting first and cleaning up later.
Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
I don't have a pointer here, but you see the green, sort of rectangle or trapezoid?
In 2008, architect Robert Riddel purchased the building and carried out extensive renovations and conservation work.
In 2013, the homicide rate was 36.8 per 100,000 residents, a decrease from the mid-2000s peak.
In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian 10th Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci.
In his encyclical Mediator Dei, Pius XII links liturgy with the last will of Jesus Christ.
In Judaism, when a grave site is visited, a small pebble is placed on the headstone.
Instructs its President to forward this resolution, including its annex, to the Council and the Commission.
In the automotive world, DC motors are proliferating into applications such as windows and seat positioning.
In the human female reproductive system, cervical mucus prevents infection and provides lubrication during sexual intercourse.
It is assigned to the U.S. Navy's Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan.
Kakao Friends are born as KaTalk own emoticon characters, used to spice up the users' texts.
Many small mammals and insects in the books are collectively known as Rabbit's Friends and Relations.
Mass-production of building parts allowed for the construction of elaborate, affordable Victorian-style houses throughout the country.
Maybe if you felt bad publicly, on the Internet, then this could all be behind us.
Millions of people read your newspapers, and they need to be made aware about this danger.
Mobile devices profit from the low energy consumption of brushless and brushed DC motors from maxon.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
Most historians look at the end of the Renaissance as the start of the Price Revolution.
Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use.
Northern Rock had required support due to its exposure during the subprime mortgage crisis in 2007.
Our BOBCAT HB 580 combined with this hammer assures you the most impact crushing plant possible.
Payments on $18 billion in foreign-currency debt begin to rise next year, further pressuring cash flow.
People in adolescence who experience repeated withdrawals from binge drinking show impairments of long-term nonverbal memory.
Primary neoplasms were kidney carcinoma (n=1), breast carcinoma (n=1), thyroid carcinoma (n=2) and multiple myeloma (n=7).
Robotic systems: advanced autonomous systems; cognition, control, action skills, natural interaction and cooperation; miniaturisation, humanoid technologies.
Scaffolding systems had been installed on the Secretariat Building for removal of the glass curtain wall.
Siblings may influence one another in much the same way that peers do, especially during adolescence.
Some extremists want to use violence to reestablish Islam in Christian areas that were previously Muslim.
Some may choose to explore the positive aspects of the Internet further, while others may not.
Sometimes special pyramid shaped towers, called ziggurats, were built to be a part of the temples.
Soon, officers equipped with riot gear entered the yard and cornered the inmates with tear gas.
Step by step you'll learn how to peel vegetables, wash fruits and clean your working place.
Subcultures can be distinctive because of the age, ethnicity, class, location, and/or gender of the members.
That's because Shintoism and Buddhism are practiced in their daily customs instead of as their religion.
The catering vehicle consists of a rear body, lifting system, platform and an electro-hydraulic control mechanism.
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
The digitalisation and robotisation of transport require the adequate availability, accessibility and free flow of data.
The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents.
"The judge told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail."
The largest-volume of recycled material used as construction aggregate is blast furnace and steel furnace slag.
The master thought of writing a note, but searched his pockets vainly for pencil and paper.
The region lies near the intersection of geological plates, with both heavy seismic and volcanic activities.
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
The separatists would routinely send threatening messages to people who dare argue them on social media.
This cast is formed by inclusion or adhesion of desquamated epithelial cells of the tubule lining.
This concentration of political power means that the distance between those governing and those governed increases.
This video is of interest to anyone who likes classical music and the cello in particular.
Thus, the main type of activity of a metallurgical combine was the rolling of ferrous metals.
18% of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
1 Free ai.type Emoji - the coolest way to write your messages with a variety of 🙏🚄💑...
A batch type furnace has relatively low initial equipment costs, and can heat each part load separately.
Acetone is used as a solvent by the pharmaceutical industry and as a denaturant in denatured alcohol.
All the news feed from the facebook page and facebook group for MUN directly through this application.
A non-aqueous solution is a solution in which the solvent is a liquid, but is not water.
A protective effect of caffeine against Alzheimer's disease and dementia is possible but the evidence is inconclusive.
Arriving in Naples, Mergellina you reach the district SAINT LUCIA, and the ancient CASTEL DELL'OVO (photo stop).
As the sea of people grows larger, the islands of elephants are certain to become ever smaller.
As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment.
Average household income can be used as an indicator for the monetary well-being of a country's citizens.
Barakat joined Pro12 club Ulster Rugby in July 2015 as the Defence Coach on a two-year contract.
Bart just looked out the windshield and tapped his steering wheel to the beat of the radio.
Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
Blue-and-gold scrollwork made a broad painted band on the plaster walls just below the high beamed ceiling.
Charidotella sexpunctata, the golden tortoise beetle, is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae.
Church buildings, chapels, altars, baptismal fonts, and Communion vessels are consecrated for the purpose of religious worship.
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy.
Electric fields are not ionizing radiation, like X-rays or proton beams, that bombard tissue to disrupt DNA.
Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower.
Farmers were out to defend their cattle-sheds, granaries, and ripening root crops with arms in their hands.
Froth flotation depends on the selective adhesion of air bubbles to mineral surfaces in a mineral/water slurry.
Get creative and decorate your content with 💙, 🐸, 🐒, 🍕, and all the many other emoji.
He's an 18th-century French painter best known for his still lifes, but he did occasionally paint people.
His delegation urged the Department to continue giving priority to issues of special interest to developing countries.
Historians agree that the Klan's resurgence in the 1920s was aided by the national debate over Prohibition.
In Chinese the fish is known as 唐魚 (táng yu), 廣東細鯽 (Guǎngdōng xìjì), or 潘氏細鯽 (pānshì xìjì).
In recent years the title has also been won by Ronnie O'Sullivan, Mark Selby and Judd Drumpf.
Mazzoni designed hundreds of public buildings, post offices and train stations during the Interwar period in Italy.
Moroccan cuisine is influenced by Morocco's interactions and exchanges with other cultures and nations over the centuries.
Moss have motile sperm, unlike most plants, who take advantage of their surroundings to transport their gametes.
Most of what is known of the ancient world comes from the accounts of antiquity's own historians.
"Mung beans are commonly used in Korean cuisine, where they are called nokdu (녹두, literally "green bean).
New Democracy party has won 6.7 per cent of votes in the 1991 parliamentary elections in Sweden.
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
Now, we just have to figure out what language she's speaking so we can find a translator.
Officialdom has granted by ANECA, fundamental requirement in the process of creating the European Higher Education Area.
Officially the Warsaw NATO summit will be about the deployment of military forces, missiles and arms projects.
"One Hundred Years of Solitude is considered the most important work of Spanish literature since "Don Quixote.
Particular attention must be paid to education, since education builds the foundations for sustainable and inclusive growth.
Peer pressure influences kids to drop out of school, and many end up in jail or dead.
President Kennedy has signed a formal proclamation. Setting up a blockade of all missiles, armed for Cuba.
Raw ginger and garlic paste, green chili paste, and sometimes mustard paste are used to enrich flavour.
Recently, in 2017, a study found evidence of subglacial volcanic activity within the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Since 2010, young women in Japan have been eligible to receive the cervical cancer vaccination for free.
Specific guidelines for the determination of N2O emissions by continuous emission measurement systems should therefore be added.
Support for student mobility is a basic prerequisite for the creation of a European Higher Education Area.
The air attack had taken out a band of enemy by the edge of the near terrace.
The Amur tiger population was reported to be about 450, probably as high as it could be.
The company is now the only supplier in Sweden that can offer a complete roof drainage program.
The concept of the Anthropocene has also been approached via humanities such as philosophy, literature and art.
The continuous warning system may be temporarily interrupted by other warning signals providing important safety related messages.
The decree of a president of the republic expires with an end to the state of emergency.
The desk itself, so sleek and shiny, was African zebra wood, and custom-made for him in Italy.
The following are related martial practices including combat sports, duels, ritual battles, mock combat, and war dances.
The legal liability of industry in the event of an accident must be better defined and increased.
The level of R&D investment in the candidate countries is generally lower than in the Member States.
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins.
The process starts by charging solid sinter and heated coke into the top of the blast furnace.
There are about twice as many coral species in Pacific Ocean reefs as in Atlantic Ocean reefs.
The Renaissance in Italy, the invention of moveable type and the Reformation changed the character of building.
The rulers of such a state are absolute, as the Pharaohs or the Caesars could not be.
The solvents used in rubber cement present some hazards, including flammability and potential for abuse as inhalants.
The TV rights contracts shall be concluded for a period not exceeding three FA Premier League seasons.
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
This study aimed to investigate the pathogens, clinical manifestations, imaging features, diagnosis and management of pulmonary mycosis.
Thomas Hand was an English painter who was known as a follower and imitator of George Morland.
To illustrate: A good military commander sends his best soldier on a dangerous mission into enemy territory.
To set up your SoundBar and get additional information, refer to the video tutorials at www. philips.com/support.
To stimulate a positive attitude toward education and strengthening the concept of education as an on-going process.
While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain.
With the presumption of innocence, a jury of his peers reached a verdict and found him guilty.
Women currently comprised 8% of members of Parliament, a figure exceeding the Arab country average of 3%.
About 80 geysers occur in a valley about 80 km from the town of San Pedro de Atacama.
Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions.
All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser, nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
Alphabeta were a group of Israeli singers who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1978 with Izhar Cohen.
Also Austria's 2001 Administrative Reform Act and the 2002 Trade Law Amendment simplified a wide range of procedures.
An enormous amount of wood was consumed in Gothic construction for scaffolding, platforms, hoists, beams and other uses.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
Apparently, Achilles never overtakes the tortoise, since however many steps he completes, the tortoise remains ahead of him.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is currently undergoing a number of important developments and is rapidly being applied in society.
Ashley Judd is also an avid martial arts practitioner who enjoys Kickboxing, Judo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kung-Fu, & Taekwondo.
As there are no permanent rivers, the presence of springs is of utmost importance for the local people.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics, the Fiji rugby team won a gold medal, the country's inaugural Olympic Medal.
Baszler was a key spokesperson in the movement to create a South Dakota athletic commission for combat sports.
Beginning in 2012, openly transgender women were allowed to compete, as long as they won their national pageants.
Breath testing units, namely, portable breath detection apparatus for detecting halitosis, diabetes, allergens, pathogens, and asthma in individuals
Broad spectrum antibiotics to cover common infections such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and mycoplasma, pain control, and blood transfusion.
But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
Chemotherapy is the standard treatment regimen for non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients but it has limited efficacy.
Chinese martial artists also compete in non-Chinese or mixed combat sports, including boxing, kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts.
Danger of your arm or upper torso being drawn in or caught by power driven, unprotected machine elements!
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
Gregorian chant is sung in the Office during the canonical hours and in the liturgy of the Mass.
He was given a choice - convert to Christianity and be garrotted, or refuse and be burned alive.
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Hot blast enabled the use of raw anthracite coal, which was difficult to light, to the blast furnace.
However, economic growth and higher import prices will combine to nudge inflation rates upward in the GCC countries.
However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away.
However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
I do not think that the cultivation of feed crops for intense livestock breeding adversely affects the climate.
In 1933, Allis-Chalmers introduced its Model WC, its first-generation row-crop tractor, which would become its highest-selling tractor ever.
In addition, innovative space technologies, e.g. robotics, have contributed to the progress of knowledge and technology in Europe.
In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
It cuts efficiently cement, bricks, roofing tiles, reinforced concrete, but it's also suitable for natural stones and refractories.
It is a very long, linear molecule, a coded version of how to make another copy of you.
Its propulsion is entrusted to a triple expansion steam engine and its state of conservation makes it unique.
It would seek to secure European leadership in supercomputing, next generation internet, artificial intelligence, robotics and big data.
Judaism and Christianity have taken a number of biblical passages as prophecies or foreshadowings of a coming Messiah.
King Sejong was the fourth king of the Joseon Dynasty and is one of the most highly regarded.
"Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans. Italy was mainly the "little brother" of Germany and Japan."
Lizards have a variety of antipredator adaptations, including running and climbing, venom, camouflage, tail autotomy, and reflex bleeding.
Methamphetamine addiction is persistent for many individuals, with 61% of individuals treated for addiction relapsing within one year.
Millions of images from a variety of furry friends get posted and shared on social media every day.
Minors in provisional pretrial detention must be held separately from adults and from minors who have been sentenced.
Most of the inhabitants of Eastern Equatoria live by subsistence farming, and also raise cattle, sheep and goats.
Mr President, democracy, the rule of law, human rights and fundamental freedoms are what the EU stands for.
My mother was born in the heartland of America, but my father grew up herding goats in Kenya.
On 5 March 2009, France promulgated a new law amending the law on communications of 1986 (‘Loi Léotard').
Our education pundits have designed the best methodology and training patterns of education to create industry leading professionals.
Pending the final decision of my Government on this issue, my delegation cannot commit itself in any way.
People with diabetes mellitus are at higher risk for any kind of peripheral neuropathy, including ulnar nerve entrapments.
Pesticides are applied to crops by agricultural aircraft, tractor-mounted crop sprayers or as seed dressings to control pests.
Phragmites plants growing on Staten Island draft in a breeze in the Oakwood Beach neighborhood of Staten Island.
Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out).
Present-day methods of steel and alloy production are unable to attain completely pure metal without any non-metallic inclusions.
Put your wireless router somewhere where it will receive the strongest signal with the least amount of interference.
Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism.
Seasonings such as fresh ginger root, garlic, scallion, cilantro and sesame are widely used in many regional cuisines.
Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
Some pesticides are considered too hazardous for sale to the general public and are designated restricted use pesticides.
Some scientists think Triceratops ate cycads, which are a type of plant that was common in the Cretaceous.
Sometimes a young man will linger before a mirror combing and recombing his hair until it satisfies him.
Statues, high-reliefs and bas-reliefs (other than original works of sculpture or statuary) are also classified in this subheading.
Steel beverage cans are recycled by being melted down in an electric arc furnace or basic oxygen furnace.
SUMMARY The Green Paper is concerned with the presumption of innocence and the rights which flow from it.
Surveys have revealed 20 amphibians, 12 lizards, 18 snakes and 6 turtle and tortoise species in the beel.
That money we drawn from the foreign currency savings, because we've planned to go to Trieste next week.
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
The building has a hipped roof of corrugated, asbestos cement sheet with projecting, ventilated gables at the ridge.
The eastern spinebill feeds on nectar from many plants, including the blooms of gum trees, mistletoes Amyema spp.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' 15 game winning streak.
The future of European farming lies in organic agriculture and animal husbandry based on traditional and natural methods.
The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces.
The hare itself, the animal - not a cat, not a dog, a hare - why a hare?
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
The impact of technological and scientific advancements, including big data, online social networks and artificial intelligence on democracy;
The loss of eelgrass also means these underwater meadows soak up less planet-warming carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland.
The priest felt he had been given the soul of a rabbit in times that called for lions.
There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better.
The red panda lives exclusively in the Himalayan mountain chain (even on the lower slopes of Mount Everest).
The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry.
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
The victory of the Communist Partisans resulted in the abolition of the monarchy and a subsequent constitutional referendum.
They were her one concession; she had refused to accept even a change of clothes from her captors.
This not only saves repair costs, but gets much longer use out of appliances, furniture and other items.
Throughout 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
We have to use Averroes' legacy to promote pluralism of thought, free speech and respect for human rights.
When I rose at half past five in the morning, I had the whole day ahead of me.
While crops that are more vigorous can better compete with weeds which reduces the need for applying herbicides.
Zinc alloy electroplating is an electrogalvanization process for corrosion protection of metal surfaces and increasing their wear resistance.
After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website.
All it took was a glance at the boy to see that he'd inherited many of his father's characteristics.
Also in the collection is Le Rêve, the Picasso portrait that was the working name of Wynn's resort project.
Although police dropped the homicide investigation into Hernandez's death, some still believe he was murdered in a drug-related incident.
Although the efficiency of blast furnaces is constantly evolving, the chemical process inside the blast furnace remains the same.
Anemophilous spring blooming plants such as oak, birch, hickory, pecan, and early summer grasses may also induce pollen allergies.
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
An ordinary differential equation or ODE is an equation containing a function of one independent variable and its derivatives.
Ashtonia is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1968.
Automation has been achieved by various means including mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical, electronic devices and computers, usually in combination.
Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence.
Biogerontologists from the National University of Ireland investigated sarcopenia not in humans, but in animals, namely rabbits and rats.
Both Sri Lankan and north Indian traditions assert that Ashoka was a violent person before his conversion to Buddhism.
Building a cathedral required enormous quantities of stone, as well as timber for the scaffolding and iron for reinforcement.
Burglar acknowledges that monetary damages alone will be adequate compensation for a breach of this contract by the Company.
Carbon concentration in cement spans from ≈5% in cement structures to ≈8% in the case of roads in cement.
Catholicism deeply appealed to him, especially its rich liturgy, and he discussed converting to it with clergy several times.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a major cause of disability throughout Europe and the rest of the world.
Considering this new challenges education should go beyond the simple concept of free education or mere structures and supplies.
Cyber bullying is rampant on social media and many teenagers attempt or commit suicide as a result of it.
Democratic processes call for equal representation and are often characterized by campaigning for office and election by majority vote.
During the French Revolution, all of the French orders of chivalry were abolished and replaced with Weapons of Honour.
During the Middle Ages, honor was fundamental to the life of the free man and of the Christian man.
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City.
Electric arc furnace steelmaking is the manufacture of steel from scrap or direct reduced iron melted by electric arcs.
Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90% of the sunlight that hits it.
Environmental problems such as floods, drought, and erosion pose serious threats to farming in many parts of the country.
Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013.
Fallow is a farming technique in which arable land is left without sowing for one or more vegetative cycles.
Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday.
Filipino American gay, lesbian, transgender, and bisexual identities are often shaped by immigration status, generation, religion, and racial formation.
Fresh spirulina cheesecake is a fresh and creamy dessert, a truly irresistible dessert, the perfect dessert for this summer.
Grinding or polishing machines for working stone, ceramics, concrete, asbestos-cement or like mineral materials or for cold working glass
He always had his pockets full of money when he went out; but they were empty on his return.
He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output.
Hydraulic systems like the ones mentioned above will work most efficiently if the hydraulic fluid used has zero compressibility.
If you want some small though rich pastries, try what depending on region are called Berliner, Pfannkuchen or Krapfen.
In children and adolescents, psychologists speak of temperamental negative affectivity that, during adolescence, develops into the neuroticism personality domain.
Instead of eyes, the robots use communication technologies; instead of a lateral line, they use a laser range finder.
In the interwar period, nationalism grew stronger on the continent, influenced by countries like Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy.
I stopped buying newspapers in paper form a few years ago already; I only read them in electronic format.
It focuses on providing an internationally renowned education to all its students who can continue their education while working.
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
It was developed by John Smith in the 1970s to help inexperienced folders or those with limited motor skills.
Kenyan authorities have begun a mass vaccination of girls against the human papilloma virus, HPV, which causes cervical cancer.
Larger species, such as monitor lizards, can feed on larger prey including fish, frogs, birds, mammals and other reptiles.
Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Like the random stripes of a herd of zebra, making the lions dizzy, distracting the hunters from the target.
Lomatium lucidum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name shiny biscuitroot.
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
Metal whiskering is a crystalline metallurgical phenomenon involving the spontaneous growth of tiny, filiform hairs from a metallic surface.
MMA in Australia is permitted in all States and Territories of Australia by various combat sports authorities and organizations.
Most historians agree Galileo did not act out of malice and felt blindsided by the reaction to his book.
Napoleon's educational reforms laid the foundation of a modern system of education in France and throughout much of Europe.
New Holland Agriculture has chosen a forestry project located in the Piedmont region, of which Turin is the capital.
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen."
Protestant theology in Germany was interested in the doctrinal antiquity and apostolic continuity being expressed by the Waldensian faith.
Researchers have actively been working to develop safe, effective vaccines to lower the worldwide incidence of E. coli infection.
Resistance to Hitler from within Europe was incomparably weaker in 1939 than resistance to Germany had been in 1914.
She gazed sternly at Nurse Harper and invited her to describe the signs, symptoms and treatment of pulmonary collapse.
Since piezoelectric materials generate a voltage when force is applied to them, they can also work as ultrasonic detectors.
Software-defined radios like cognitive radio use artificial intelligence to employ underutilized portions of the electromagnetic spectrum without human intervention.
Some solutions we have presented as images using the emoji, others we have stichpunktartig held with the included emoji.
Special steering rack, and suspension tuning with a self-leveling rear air suspension yielded handling performance comparable to European vehicles.
Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo-Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over.
The acute oral toxicity for mammals is low, but death has been reported after deliberate overdose of concentrated Roundup.
The average depth of the Arctic Ocean is 12,000 feet and it is 17,850 feet at its deepest point.
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
The creation of 30000 jobs would in turn generate 30000 associated jobs, making for a total of 60000 jobs.
The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free.
The European Parliament and the Council shall act on any such proposal in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure.
The female platypus, by the way, raises her young alone; these mammals give no evidence of long-term pair bonding.
The forces that cause the adhesion of solvent molecules in the IHP are physical forces rather than chemical bonds.
The great majority of Hong Kong Island's urban development is densely packed on reclaimed land along the northern shore.
The health of the livestock depends on careful animal husbandry to ensure resistance to disease and to prevent infection.
The London Centre for Nanotechnology was established in 2003 as a joint venture between UCL and Imperial College London.
The market is also speculating that central banks and hedge funds are still ready to buy the euro currency.
The most common organisms which cause lobar pneumonia are Streptococcus pneumoniae, also called pneumococcus, Haemophilus influenzae and Moraxella catarrhalis.
"The outer-part we see when we look at the Sun is called the photosphere, which means "ball of light.
The oxygen in Earth's atmosphere comes from living things, but oxygen can also be produced by inorganic chemical reactions.
The peony or paeony is a flowering plant in the genus Paeonia, the only genus in the family Paeoniaceae.
The rise of mass media communications allowed manufacturers of branded goods to bypass retailers by advertising directly to consumers.
The Russian victory over the French Army in 1812 was a significant blow to Napoleon's ambitions of European dominance.
The zebras, giraffes, and other hay burners remain on their feet but with their necks extended and eyes half-closed.
Through the analysis of data on forest land, vegetation expansion was shown to be mainly concentrated in the Mediterranean.
to promote specific forms of coastal tourism, including cultural, rural and ecotourism, while respecting the traditions of local populations
Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
Turkey would also take over guarding captured ISIS fighters which, the statement said, European nations have refused to repatriate.
Tuscan dessert lovers can send their stories or memories of Tuscany through tales and recipes of a dessert to.
Ultrasonic Doppler flowmeters measure the Doppler shift resulting from reflecting an ultrasonic beam off the particulates in flowing fluid.
19 In reptiles and mammals, the lungs take in and give out air, like bellows that alternately fill and empty.
A Bengali dish of stir-fried freshwater snails with onion and garlic paste and other spices, from Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
After his fight in UFC, he competed in a match for the K-1 kickboxing federation, facing established star Nobuaki Kakuda.
Although not an integral part of Chinese cuisine, curry powder is added to some dishes in southern part of China.
Ammonium nitrate, which is principally used in manufacturing fertilizer, has been implicated in a number of other fatal industrial explosions.
Artificial intelligence can now collect information from social media and the internet to help designers understand what the public likes.
As stated in the previous report, convicted prisoners are engaged to work and vocational training, together with teaching and re-education.
Assured of the support of Napoleon III, Count Cavour began to prepare the army of Piedmont-Sardinia for war against Austria.
As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
ASTM provides standards for paint adhesion testing which provides qualitative measures for paints and coatings resistance to delamination from substrates.
At exactly 8:46 a.m. a hush fell across the city, marking the exact moment the first jet struck its target.
But for the most part the sunny valley was abandoned and desolate and the untended crops stood in parching fields.
Cannabis cultivators employ fertilizers high in nitrogen and potassium during the vegetative stage, as well as a complete micronutrient fertilizer.
Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region.
Crowds lined the Mall today as Holy Roman Emperor, Winston Churchill, returned to the Buckingham Senate on his personal mammoth...
Each party confirms that it has not relied on any prior representations or negotiations in entering into this Agreement. 2.4
Enset-planting complex is one of the four farming systems of Ethiopia together with pastoralism, shifting cultivation and the seed-farming complex.
EXPLANATORY NOTE Conversion of UO3 to UO2 can be performed through reduction of UO3 with cracked ammonia gas or hydrogen.
For instance, they didn't have corn, nor tomatoes, nor potatoes, nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman ever tasted a turkey.
Growler is as fast and maneuverable as a F/A-18F, and can carry AMRAAM air to air missiles for defensive use.
he F-111 was an all-weather attack aircraft, capable of low-level penetration of enemy defenses to deliver ordnance on the target.
His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
Historians often refer to the period from the Qin dynasty to the end of the Qing dynasty as Imperial China.
However, intensification of insulin therapy with abrupt improvement in glycaemic control may be associated with temporary worsening of diabetic retinopathy
Hybrid power trains use diesel-electric or turbo-electric to power railway locomotives, buses, heavy goods vehicles, mobile hydraulic machinery, and ships.
In fact Picasso only occupied the chateau for a relatively short period between January 1959 and 1962, with several interruptions.
Inflation for three consecutive years to 1999 has been particularly low and 1999 recorded the lowest rate in 17 years.
In Judaism, the snake of brass is also a symbol of healing, of one's life being saved from imminent death.
In Medieval European literature, the Seven Seas referred to the North Sea, Baltic, Atlantic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Arabian seas.
In non-flowering seed plants, pollen germinates in the pollen chamber, located beneath the micropyle, underneath the integuments of the ovule.
In years when locust control is needed, the hoppers are targeted early by applying water-based, contact pesticides using tractor-based sprayers.
It is also used in railway coaches, metal fixtures for construction purposes, roof drainage products, storm door frames and tableware.
Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported.
It was a black-and-white panda that resembled the stuffed teddy bears that accompany millions of children to bed each night.
It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Just, the thing that seemed weird to me is, when he sat at the defense table, he was definitely nervous.
Leaf vegetables contain many typical plant nutrients, but since they are photosynthetic tissues, their vitamin K levels are particularly notable.
Liquid carbon dioxide is a good solvent for many lipophilic organic compounds and is used to remove caffeine from coffee.
Lively and conservatives in Russia got their way Feb. 29, when the parliament passed a final vote on the bill.
Lutheranism is associated with the theology of Martin Luther, with its official confessional writings found in the Book of Concord.
Macleaya cordata, the five-seeded plume-poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae, which is used ornamentally.
Metals are the first choice of materials for demanding and sustainable economic designs of roofs, facades and roof drainage systems.
Natural sources of nanoparticles include combustion products forest fires, volcanic ash, ocean spray, and the radioactive decay of radon gas.
On September 24, 1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
Organic farming is an agricultural system which originated early in the 20th century in reaction to rapidly changing farming practices.
Over one quarter of the elephants that die are orphaned infants who starve to death after their mother is killed.
Precision agriculture, as the name implies, means application of precise and correct amount of inputs like water, fertilizer, pesticides etc.
Putin and his close ally, the stalwart Russian Orthodox Church, are prepared to fight for Christianity in the Syrian lands.
References to mystical traditions in Judaism and Christianity, including Midrashic literature, Kabballah and Gnosticism are threaded liberally through the series.
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won his second world title by defeating Graeme Dott 18-8 in the final, despite Dott having led 5-0.
Some mining activity of zinc, iron, and manganese still takes place in the area in and around the Franklin Furnace.
Sport is an important part of Papua New Guinean culture and rugby league is by far the most popular sport.
That day, the prison contained 678 inmates, 261 of whom were awaiting trial and 412 of whom had been convicted.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
The ceiling is composed of plaster that is painted to emulate gilded wood, with moldings of classical and figurative details.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house, attached to a sophisticated sewage system.
The Commission has also become more involved over recent years in local capacity building and police reform in post-conflict situations.
The delegation had explained that Belgium was not able to legislate on police custody because its Parliament was not operational.
The investigation has shown that all black colorformers share the same basic chemical characteristics, i.e. the same basic molecule (C26H16N2O3).
Their sacrificial spirit is on a par with any other religious group; as regards the ministry they top all others.
The logarithmic integral has an integral representation defined for all positive real numbers x ≠ 1 by the definite integral.
The Mail has traditionally been a supporter of the Conservatives and has endorsed this party in all recent general elections.
The most common types of plaster mainly contain either gypsum, lime, or cement, but all work in a similar way.
The natural landscape is characterised by its large amount of mountains, and it looks as truly beautiful as a painting.
These tartlets are perfect as a dessert, as a rich snack, or to enrich the dessert buffet of your parties.
The Soviet Union offered support to the partisans in many Wehrmacht-occupied countries in Central Europe, notably those in Slovakia, Poland.
The tuyeres are used to implement a hot blast, which is used to increase the efficiency of the blast furnace.
This allows a warning message to be consistently disseminated simultaneously over many warning systems to multiple proprietary applications and devices.
To remain a true Christian -especially when one's faith is tested- a Bible student needs to take another crucial step.
To return to their previous energy level, they must get rid of the extra energy they got from the light.
United Nations radio and its outputs will be made more immediately available directly to both listeners and the mass media.
Unlike other systems, it not only detects the presence of USV but provides detailed information about the ultrasonic vocalizations too.
With the development of the printing press, new ideas spread throughout Europe and challenged traditional doctrines in science and theology.
A Dutch-language version of the musical opened on 18 March 1976 at the Theater Royal, a former cinema, in Nieuwendijk, Netherlands.
After 5 years of fighting, the Allies are finally closing in on Adolf Hitler, but right when victory seems within reach,
All the days of the earth, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, night and day, shall not cease.
Although nanotechnology is the subject of significant experimentation, much of the data are not stored in standardized formats or broadly accessible.
Analysis of the impact of the spring-summer drought and the abundant rain in August 2008 on winter cereals production in Latvia
An increasing number of Republicans and conservatives were coming to see McCarthy as a liability to the party and to anti-communism.
Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
A pressure of 3,7 kPa ± 0,1 kPa (370 ± 10 mm of H2O) shall be applied to the fuel system.
As opposed to the cultures of ancient Mesopotamia which built in brick, the pharaohs of Egypt built huge structures in stone.
As well as its primary purpose for lubrication, pressurized oil is increasingly used as a hydraulic fluid to power small actuators.
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives, including psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology.
At sea level, the weight of Earth's atmosphere exerts a force of 14.7 pounds on every square inch of our bodies.
Between the latitudes of 3 °S-15 °S in Peru the last volcanic activity occurred 2.7 million years ago in Cordillera Blanca.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc, in proportions which can be varied to achieve varying mechanical and electrical properties.
But facebook does more than that: Even removed tags, friends or messages are kept in facebook's systems (see data sets here).
By doing so, we want to make facebook more transparent and show every user which data facebook is holding about us.
Cannabis sativa is an annual herbaceous flowering plant indigenous to eastern Asia but now of cosmopolitan distribution due to widespread cultivation.
Coalition and Afghan troops moved into the area to secure the site and other coalition aircraft have been sent to assist.
Costs for fertilizer raw materials other than oil, such as potash, have been increasing as increased production of staples increases demand.
Danes pay very high taxes, but in return enjoy a quality of life that many Americans would find hard to believe.
Despite being a key technology, biotechnology is still a poor relation in Europe and also in my own country the Netherlands.
Destroy the Krays, expose the corruption at the heart of Parliament, the police and the press and you create a vacuum.
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
During the early Renaissance, the Greek language and, along with it, Plato's texts were reintroduced to Western Europe by Byzantine scholars.
Earlier on, we proved that this BMW M3 is better in pretty much every way than this Mercedes and this Ford.
Eastern Orthodox Christianity emphasizes a continuing life of repentance or metanoia, which includes an increasing improvement in thought, belief and action.
Ethanol is derived from crops such as corn, sorghum, barley or sugarcane while biodiesel is derived from vegetable and animal fat.
Evolutionary psychology offers several explanations for human violence in various contexts, such as sexual jealousy in humans, child abuse, and homicide.
Footwork is a martial arts and combat sports term for the general usage of the legs and feet in stand-up fighting.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46% of the vote.
From the day Hitler's troops set foot in Austria, the meetings and the preaching activity of Jehovah's Witnesses were forced underground.
Garlic-flavored oil is produced and used for cooking and seasoning purposes, and is sometimes used as an ingredient in seasoning mixtures.
General John Cadwalder would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block off any reinforcements.
Gopher popularity was at its height at a time when there were still many equally competing computer architectures and operating systems.
He would work in service from seven in the morning until seven or eight at night, without stopping for a break.
Honda continued his interest in nanotechnology by convening the Blue Ribbon Task Force on Nanotechnology with then-controller Steve Westly in 2005.
Hundreds of species of mammals, birds, fish, reptiles, and amphibians have been documented, including several that are either endangered or threatened.
I call on the authorities in Bahrain, Syria and Yemen to comply with international law on human rights and fundamental freedoms.
If you look at living things under a microscope, you will see that they are made of small squares or balls.
In 2012, the vedette returned to the cinema with a brief appearance in the film El fantástico mundo de Juan Orol.
In Catholic liturgy, a prayer for the conversion of the Jews is found in the Good Friday prayer for the Jews.
Inflation suddenly takes hold - an unimaginably rapid expansion of space smoothly spreading out that energy, bringing order to the Universe.
In regions where bile products are a popular ingredient in traditional medicine, the use of bears in bile-farming has been widespread.
In the Energy sector, gas pipeline and power station projects in Argentina and Brazil absorbed 29% of total financing (€158 million).
In Western cuisine, ginger is traditionally used mainly in sweet foods such as ginger ale, gingerbread, ginger snaps, parkin, and speculaas.
Iran can shower the Gulf coastline with multitudinous unguided rockets and a higher concentration of guided long-range missiles than ever before.
It has been discovered that childhood abuse can lead to the addiction of drugs and alcohol in adolescence and adult life.
Later during the French Wars of Religion, the castle was taken by the Catholics, due to the Beynacs being Protestant partisans.
Miniature figures and toy models for use in hobby games, war games, fighting games, role playing games and fantasy/science fiction games
mogen of the Internet has a habit of paying fifty dollars for clothes that are manufactured to look like five-dollar hand-me-downs.
Most historians agree that Jesus or his followers established a new Jewish sect, one that attracted both Jewish and gentile converts.
Mr. BUERGENTHAL expressed satisfaction at the move to a multi-party democratic system in Zambia and thanked the delegation for its candour.
Our DC motors have proven its merit in decades of day-to-day use - and in the widest possible range of applications.
Pola is mainly a farmer's festival, wherein farmers respect their bulls and oxen, to thank them for their support in farming.
Power-frequency transformers may have taps at intermediate points on the winding, usually on the higher voltage winding side, for voltage adjustment.
Prior to the 2015 Contest, Hungary had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twelve times since their first entry in 1994.
PVA is used in a variety of medical applications because of its biocompatibility, low tendency for protein adhesion, and low toxicity.
Real-time text translator apps - applications that are capable of automatically translating whole segments of text from one language into another.
Renaissance defenses of women are present in a variety of literary genre and across Europe with a central claim of equality.
Seastead structures may blight ocean views, their industry or farming may deplete their environments, and their waste may pollute surrounding waters.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
Stooping over the dead man with distaste, she unbuttoned the remaining buttons of his jacket and systematically began rifling his pockets.
Teak is used extensively in India to make doors and window frames, furniture, and columns and beams in old type houses.
The boxing competition allows for a demonstration by the various martial arts schools to help promote themselves and their Chinese culture.
The bridge is scheduled to be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be finished.
The dear enemy effect has been observed in a wide range of animals including mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, fish and invertebrates.
The distance e(θ) satisfies the equation: e (θ) = δR - a cos θ = εR (1 - λ cos θ).
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
The keywork of most modern woodwinds, including wooden-bodied instruments, is also usually made of an alloy such as nickel silver/German silver.
The philosophy of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius can be found in a collection of personal writings known as the Meditations.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after an earthquake in 1755.
The problem with solar panels installed on the roofs of houses is that they produce electricity when the house is empty.
The Soviets became our enemy immediately after WWII, their territorial grab and acquisition of nuclear weapons threats too difficult to ignore.
The transport of building materials was facilitated by scaffolding and a steam crane that lifted the material to the construction site.
The U.S. also has sanctions on Russian banks, banning U.S. companies from receiving money or loaning money to Russia's sanctioned banks.
The use of zinc in roofing, facade design and roof drainage systems is significantly optimized by the special alloy in ZINKMETAL.
the water catchment area of Erms from the source to the barrier 200 m downstream of the farm Strobel, Anlage Seeburg
The women's march was a signal event of the French Revolution, its impact on par with the fall of the Bastille.
This is not going to be goodbye, this is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one.
To illustrate, imagine that you are moving from one home to another and that you are taking your furniture with you.
Tombac, as it is spelled in French, or tombak, is a brass alloy with high copper content and 5-20% zinc content.
Training and rewarding farmer and fishers - young ones in particular - to help them preserve biodiversity and develop environment-friendly techniques.
Transgender people vary greatly in choosing when, whether, and how to disclose their transgender status to family, close friends, and others.
A cement is a binder, a substance used for construction that sets, hardens, and adheres to other materials to bind them together.
Advances in lipid nanotechnology were instrumental in engineering medical nanodevices and novel drug delivery systems, as well as in developing sensing applications.
After moving, each unit can attack any enemy unit within range and line-of-fire of whatever weapons and psychic powers its models have.
After the fall of the Zybushino republic, the executive committee of Meliuzeevo launched a campaign against the anarchic tendencies coming from there.
As of 2012, multiway switching in residential and commercial applications is increasingly being implemented with power line signalling and wireless signalling techniques.
As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
A study of small mammals within agricultural areas of Venezuela's Western Llanos, largely Portuguesa, showed ten rodent species and three marsupial species.
Because injured soldiers need assistance, and a soldier maimed by a land mine will slow down military operations-just what the enemy wants.
Belfast has several notable sports teams playing a diverse variety of sports such as football, Gaelic games, rugby, cricket, and ice hockey.
Born in Derbyshire, England, he began practicing kung fu, kickboxing and karate recreationally in his youth while working at local market stalls.
Butler, by contrast, was seen as on the liberal wing of the Conservatives, and his election as leader might split the party.
Campanula medium, common name Canterbury bells, is an annual or biennial flowering plant of the genus Campanula, belonging to the family Campanulaceae.
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
Each episode of the show would focus on a theme in a specific book and then explore that theme through multiple stories.
Evidence of exposure to OP pesticides during gestation and early postnatal period have been linked to neurodevelopmental effects in animals, specifically rats.
Fully trained carpenters and joiners will often move into related trades such as shop fitting, scaffolding, bench joinery, maintenance and system installation.
Fumigation is a method of pest control that completely fills an area with gaseous pesticides-or fumigants-to suffocate or poison the pests within.
Historically, sesame was cultivated more than 5000 years ago as a drought-tolerant crop and was able to grow where other crops failed.
In 1215 Magna Carta was enacted, arguably becoming the cornerstone of liberty in first England, then Great Britain, and later the world.
In 1921, during the Interwar period, Japan developed and launched the Hōshō, which was the first purpose-designed aircraft carrier in the world.
In 1966, with the restructuring of the Royal Canadian Navy into Maritime Command, Restigouche was assigned to the Third Canadian Escort Squadron.
In 1978 students at Minneapolis, Minnesota's Hennepin Vocational Technical Center, converted a Volkswagen Beetle to a petro-hydraulic hybrid with off-the shelf components.
In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the 'bad bank', Northern Rock (Asset Management).
In fact, there is not one good thing to learn.Learning takes place in the experience between the learner and the knowledge presented.
Instead of running mains voltage to the switches, a low voltage-typically 24 V AC-is connected to remote momentary toggle or rocker switches.
In terms of sexual identity, adolescence is when most gay/lesbian and transgender adolescents begin to recognize and make sense of their feelings.
Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation.
Italian In Rafael Nadal's comprehensive victory over Kevin Anderson in the 2017 US Open final, Nadal didn't face a single break point.
It offers GIFs, emoticons, kaomojis, animated emojis, emoji arts and symbols, an emoji dictionary, and an emoji maker (make emojis from photos).
Just as unprecedented was an independent and opposition-dominated parliament, which in 1999 came within a handful of votes of impeaching the president.
Kick Jitsu is the name of a modern combat sport part of the FIKBMS, the Italian federation of kickboxing recognized by CONI.
Maimonides lamented the pains that Jews felt as a result of new faiths that attempted to supplant Judaism, specifically Christianity and Islam.
MANY aquatic mammals that live in cold waters have a thick layer of blubber under the skin to help them stay warm.
Marketing, advertising in connection with the sale and distribution of music, film, educational and entertainment programs, and multimedia games via the Internet
Much of the theology of Latter Day Saint baptism was established during the early Latter Day Saint movement founded by Joseph Smith.
New catapult had been tested but canned rock missiles ready to go you could count on fingers of one hand-my left hand.
oil inlet concentration of 0.04 mg/m3 (from residual oil aerosol and residual oil vapour content), with super fine filter as a precondition.
One of the most prominent apps in this category is Google Translate, which allows offline translation after downloading the desired language data.
Populus is a genus of 25-30 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae, native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Raw material should not be obtained from primary forest and other (primary) wooded land; designated nature protection areas; and highly biodiverse grassland
Sheets and coils are the basic material used for our roof and facade systems as well as our complete roof drainage programme.
Silver standards refer to the standards of millesimal fineness for the silver alloy used in the manufacture or crafting of silver objects.
That not only encouraged me to completely devote myself to my artwork, but it also enabled me to better understand your departure.
The benefits of freer trade, such as job creation, lower inflation, and greater consumer choice, are often invisible or only partly visible.
The classical periodization of history studies in Ancient times, the Middle Ages and Modern Era is based on a Eurocentrist world view.
The Eastern churches' differences from Western Christianity have as much, if not more, to do with culture, language, and politics, as theology.
The eastern diamondback rattlesnake frequently shelters by tunneling in gopher and tortoise burrows, emerging in the early morning or afternoon to bask.
The meaning behind this emoji can often be changed with accompanying text, making it the emoji equivalent of a Swiss Army Knife.
Then our high school football coach informed me that the Stanford football coach wanted to have lunch with Merlin Olsen and me.
The Parliament, at its special session on 30 June, approved the elevation of the Committee on Emergency Situations to a full ministry.
The PBS show has more than two-dozen Emmy awards, and its run is shorter only than Sesame Street and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
The primary advantage of the early blast furnace was in large scale production and making iron implements more readily available to peasants.
There are numerous IoT applications in farming such as collecting data on temperature, rainfall, humidity, wind speed, pest infestation, and soil content.
There is no pharmacological reason to expect that commonly prescribed medicinal products used in the treatment of asthma will interact with omalizumab
The temperature of total solidification is the solidus of the alloy, the temperature at which all components are molten is the liquidus.
The world of the Ullsteins, even more than that of Anni's father's family, was as new to him as the Bauhaus was.
This is when people go to a place that is very different from their regular day-to-day life to relax and have fun.
"To opt out, change the SSID (name) of your Wi-Fi access point (your wireless network name) so that it ends with "_nomap.
Traditional demons of Christianity, such as Satan, Beelzebub, and Asmodeus are almost invariably assigned a male gender in religious and occultist texts.
Typical infections of the upper respiratory tract include tonsillitis, pharyngitis, laryngitis, sinusitis, otitis media, certain types of influenza, and the common cold.
Using the ideal gas law to replace p with nRT/V, and replacing ρ with nM/V, the equation for an ideal gas becomes.
Vaccines have been produced against several animal diseases caused by coronaviruses, including infectious bronchitis virus in birds, canine coronavirus, and feline coronavirus.
What are the implications of usury rules for market integration (including any relationship with products such as equity release and mortgage insurance)?
With Bitcoin, all nodes in the network are both custodians of the book of accounts, auditors, currency issuers, and buyers and sellers.
A car bomb detonated at police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
According to mainstream Christian theology, angels are wholly spiritual beings and therefore do not eat, excrete or have sex, and have no gender.
A dementia diagnosis is made after cognitive decline progresses to a point of interfering with normal daily activities, or social or occupational function.
Almost every internal combustion engine uses connecting rods to convert the linear movement of the pistons into the rotational movement of the crankshaft.
A metallurgical assay is a compositional analysis of an ore, metal, or alloy, usually performed in order to test for purity or quality.
Another view of the Buddhist theory of the self, especially in early Buddhism, is that the Buddhist theory is essentially an eliminativist theory.
Any form of gambling can produce such dire results, but one of the biggest dangers for young people today is the slot machine.
A popular consumer application of ultrasonic ranging was the Polaroid SX-70 camera, which included a lightweight transducer system to focus the camera automatically.
Bahrain was a leading example of an Arab country progressing on the road to democracy as a constitutional monarchy with an elected parliament.
Biochar can improve water quality, reduce soil emissions of greenhouse gases, reduce nutrient leaching, reduce soil acidity, and reduce irrigation and fertilizer requirements.
BM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology.
Buddhism warns that as this level is similar to the concept of one's ego, being controlled by this consciousness can lead to insecurity.
"Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called North Korea's pledge "a major step towards the goal of achieving the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
But the work of parliament in the best circumstances is slow and even slower in Ukraine where vested interests stall or sabotage initiatives.
Common causes of ILI include the common cold and influenza, which tends to be less common but more severe than the common cold.
Consider too: Is Megiddo's valley big enough to accommodate all earth's rulers together with their large armies and vast array of military equipment?
Depending on the temperature at which it is applied, asphalt is categorized as hot mix, warm mix, half warm mix, or cold mix.
"During his 2 hour speech he stated that "Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today.
Extractive metallurgy is a branch of metallurgical engineering wherein process and methods of extraction of metals from their natural mineral deposits are studied.
Fertilizer and pesticide are vital agricultural inputs in food production and must be supplied in adequate quantities at reasonable costs at all times.
Greenland ice cores show evidence of a large volcanic eruption in 1642 ± 5 BCE, which was suggested as being associated with Santorini.
he alternative meaning of alogia is inability to speak because of dysfunction in the central nervous system, found in mental deficiency and dementia.
However, the squawk box is still used in many investment banks and brokerages - favoured for its reliability as a means of communication.
HPV vaccines protect against two to seven high-risk strains of this family of viruses and may prevent up to 90% of cervical cancers.
In 1956 Słania moved to Sweden, where three years later he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver.
In August 1943, along with Globočnik, Stangl was transferred to Trieste, where he helped organize the campaign against Yugoslav partisans and local Jews.
In Filipino cuisine, ginisá is a culinary term that refers to a base of garlic, onions, and tomatoes sautéed together with cooking oil.
In its early days, the show was featured solely at the long-running internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site focused on talk radio.
In March 2011, the Commission authorised the orphan medicinal product ‘Esbriet' for the treatment of mild to moderate Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis in adults.
In professional wrestling, the referee's on-stage purpose is similar to that of referees in combat sports such as boxing or mixed martial arts.
In the wild, A. coronaria is winter flowering and cross pollinated by bees, flies and beetles, which can carry pollen over long distances.
It is mainly used as a deoxidizer in steel production and as an alloying component for steel alloys or in cast iron production.
Lymphatics ultimately drain into the bloodstream, so the plague bacteria may enter the blood and travel to almost any part of the body.
Mulligan became the ambassador of the Alzheimer's Society in 2012, with the goal of raising awareness and research funding for Alzheimers and dementia.
On 3 June 2014, after ten successful title defenses, the World Boxing Association officially elevated Golovkin from Regular middleweight champion to Super champion.
Other small non-mammalian animals such as reptiles, birds, fish, and amphibians-e.g. lizards, snakes, turtles, goldfish, canaries, and frogs-may not be considered pocket pets.
Otto I, the first Holy Roman Emperor and founder of the archbishopric of Magdeburg, was buried in the town's cathedral after his death.
Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
Plasterers often use gypsum plaster to simulate the appearance of surfaces of wood, stone, or metal, on movie and theatrical sets for example.
Prunus serrulata is widely grown as a flowering ornamental tree, both in its native countries and throughout the temperate regions of the world.
Ridge-post framing is a structurally simple and ancient post and lintel framing where the posts extend all the way to the ridge beams.
Sanicula maritima is a rare species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names adobe snakeroot and adobe sanicle.
Several examples exist however of specific modules for co-operative management training (including distance learning) and even of dedicated university courses for co-operative entrepreneurs.
Shooters in the supplementary pest control trial were to be closely supervised by rangers, as the trial was monitored and its effectiveness evaluated.
Stars give off light and heat because of the energy made when hydrogen atoms are merged (or fused) together to form heavier elements.
Steel is an alloy of iron with typically a few percent of carbon to improve its strength and fracture resistance compared to iron.
Studying Earth's climate system is particularly challenging because it integrates many aspects of a complex natural system as well as many human-made systems.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
"Such a "system approach" will boost both knowledge production while also attracting to, and retaining in Europe, the best minds for nanotechnology R&D."
Swazi Media Commentary is a blog written by former Associate Professor in journalism and mass communication at the University of Swaziland, Richard Rooney.
The agriculture sustainability benefits of water and energy savings have been established using the SG-1000 leaf sensor under field conditions and in greenhouses.
The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
The central bank promised to redeem its own currency on demand by any holders, foreign or domestic, in prescribed amounts of hard currencies.
The development of Cyrillic typography passed directly from the medieval stage to the late Baroque, without a Renaissance phase as in Western Europe.
The filling is made with a combination of cream cheese, crab meat or imitation crab meat, scallions or onion, garlic, and other flavorings.
The French Revolution not only had as its objective to change an old government, but also to abolish the old form of society.
The group of animals known as Pinnipeds covers a total of 33 species of seal, sea lion, fur seal, elephant seal and walrus.
The habanero, chipotle, and garlic sauces include the tabasco peppers blended with other peppers, whereas the jalapeño variety does not include tabasco peppers.
The Luno had 120-160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot.
The use of cement versus petroleum based binders has raised some questions about the sustainability of petroleum binders for a number of reasons.
The war of 1823, an outrage on the generous Spanish nation, was then, at the same time, an outrage on the French Revolution.
Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400, which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient; economic interchange was prevalent.
where applicable, the declared secondary nutrients calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), sodium (Na) or sulphur (S) by their chemical symbols in the order Ca-Mg-Na-S
Wireless access points are also often close to humans, but the drop off in power over distance is fast, following the inverse-square law.
About half of patients receiving treatment for invasive cancer (excluding carcinoma in situ and non-melanoma skin cancers) die from that cancer or its treatment.
A fluence (integrated flux) of neutrons (1 MeV equivalent) of 5 × 1013 n/cm2 or higher on silicon, or its equivalent for other materials;
Alongside working in Punjabi cinema movies, Ghuggi has appeared in a few Bollywood and Canadian cinema films such as Singh Is Kinng and Breakaway.
Ancient Egyptians is a four-part dramatic miniseries exploring life in the land of the pharaohs of Egypt at the time of the great dynasties.
And he was confident that he would be the first to bring back the first live giant panda from China to the Western world.
Approaches to agriculture, like those elsewhere across northwestern Europe, were focused on long-term plot management rather than rotational methods, and implemented manure as fertilizer.
As a result of the rushed construction, a scaffolding collapsed on a group of workers on November 17, 1981, two months before the deadline.
As in theology, Unitarian Universalist worship and ritual are often a combination of elements derived from other faith traditions alongside original practices and symbols.
At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
By the mid-7th century, Buddhism and Jainism began to decline as sectarian Hindu devotional cults of Shiva and Vishnu vigorously competed for popular support.
Concrete = cement + sand + aggregate + water = sidewalks + freeways + buildings + waterways + What would L.A. be without concrete?
Dalhalla offers 20-25 events each summer, from June to September, and the program includes both opera performances and shows/concerts in many different music styles.
Depending on the relational bond between parents and children, a child coming out as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender can be positive or negative.
During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
FancyKey Keyboard is a free, customized keyboard for Android with cool fonts, 3200+ emoji, emoji arts, emoticons, personalized themes, autocorrect input and word predictions.
"For closer-range defense, the ship also has 128 SA-N-9 "Gauntlet" surface-to-air missiles (the naval version of the SA-15 "Tor") and five Kashtan close-in-weapons systems."
Glaucophyte algae contain muroplasts, which are similar to chloroplasts except that they have a peptidoglycan cell wall that is similar to that of prokaryotes.
Good converted to Roman Catholicism and devoted his time to Christianity and icon painting, including a wall painting portraying the television as the Devil.
He was familiar with John Milton's epic poem Paradise Lost, which describes how Satan was ousted from heaven because of his pride and rebellion
In 2006, Vai joined the Zappa Plays Zappa tour as a special guest, alongside additional Zappa band alumni Terry Bozzio and Napoleon Murphy Brock.
In fact, inflation has been such a useful theory that for the last 20 or so years, it's almost been considered a done deal.
In June 2020, Guillod was charged with 11 felony counts of sex-related crimes, including kidnapping and rape, stemming from accusations made by other women.
Innovation, such as the use of fertilizer, the creation of better farming tools, new methods of farming and improved crop varieties, have improved yields.
In the test with the diatom Navicula pelliculosa, both media must be supplemented with Na2 SiO3·9H20 to obtain a concentration of 1,4 Mg Si/l.
Mantises are preyed on by vertebrates such as frogs, lizards, and birds, and by invertebrates such as spiders, large species of hornets, and ants.
Many specialized tools used in scrapyards are hazardous, such as the alligator shear, which cuts metal using hydraulic force, compactors, and scrap metal shredders.
Most phosphate coatings serve as a surface preparation for further coating and/or painting, a function they perform effectively, with excellent adhesion and electric isolation.
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who views his creation with great love.
Nowadays, when mass media has already done away with any limits, it seems that one's head has shrunk to the size of an iPhone.
One of the first rotary hydraulic motors to be developed was that constructed by William Armstrong for his Swing Bridge over the River Tyne.
Only uses as fungicide in field crops with an application of max. 0,100 kg/ha every third year on the same field may be authorised.
Permanent peace is possible, says the reactionary Norman Bentwich, only if the principles of Christianity become the basis of public policy and social life.
Portland pozzolan cement includes fly ash cement, since fly ash is a pozzolan, but also includes cements made from other natural or artificial pozzolans.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
Recently, Vladimir Putin made a statement that the S-300 antiaircraft missiles, which under contract would be sent to Damascus, have not yet been delivered.
Same-sex sexual activity is legal in Rwanda, and some cabinet-level government officials have expressed support for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender people.
Sharks possess brain-to-body mass ratios that are similar to mammals and birds, and have exhibited apparent curiosity and behavior resembling play in the wild.
"She murmured, mildly: "Well, dear, do not let us accept it, it will be a million the less in our pockets, that is all.
Technical modifications include re-designed front and rear struts coupled to new steering gear, as well as adjusted dampers and new rear hydraulic axle bearings.
The Apple computer company guarantees its products on the Italian market with a warranty which is limited to one year and which excludes software.
The cartoon finished its first run in 2015 with Volume 6, and began its reboot run with the Adventures of the Ghoul Squad series.
The CDC has launched campaigns targeting the transmission of influenza, including the H1N1 swine flu, and launched websites to educate people in proper hygiene.
The city will be the first in southeastern Europe to host CowParade, the world's largest public art event, between June and August this year.
The differential equation is also invariant under a change from ℓ to −ℓ − 1, and the functions for negative ℓ are defined by.
The field of artificial intelligence has become the scene of a frantic corporate arms race, with Internet giants snapping up AI startups and talent.
The first season of rugby league in New South Wales was held in 1908 and run by the New South Wales Rugby Football League.
The Gen Blue team plays matches against interstate and international representative teams, and has also competed in tournaments such as the Pacific Rugby Cup.
The irrigation system has encouraged the cultivation of rice, maize, pulses, snuff, tomatoes, paprika, cotton and cassava among others such as hunting and herding.
The lead story reported that a draft bill in the parliament, or Duma, would limit foreign ownership of all Russian media to 20 percent.
The researchers at Purdue University have pioneered a 3D printing process known as Direct-ink-Writing for fabrication of architectured cement-based materials for the first time.
The use of the revised liturgy and the changes Abraham Malpan brought about in practices offended Cheppad Philipose Dionysius, who threatened him with excommunication.
The warning signs of early speech delay are categorized into age-related milestones, beginning at the age of 12 months and continuing through early adolescence.
Three deep canyons are located in the park, cut through the volcanic tuff of the Yellowstone Plateau by rivers over the last 640,000 years.
Time evolution of an hydrogenic (single-electron) atomic orbital with quantum numbers | 3, 2, 1 > according to the Schrödinger equation (colors represent phase).
Today's highlights: The main data was out early today: In the UK, the main event will be the Bank of England quarterly inflation report.
To help prevent side effects occurring, your doctor will make sure you are on the lowest dose of Viani that will control your asthma
We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
Whole crops such as maize, Sudan grass, millet, white sweet clover, and many others can be made into silage and then converted into biogas.
You can use it to open a pasta factory for the production of fresh pasta, dry pasta, gluten-free pasta, egg pasta and organic pasta.
Actually, it is quite difficult to determine the sex of a panda unless the animal is anesthetized and examined, as was London's Chi-Chi years ago.
A death ruled as homicide or unlawful killing is typically referred to police or prosecutor or equivalent official for investigation and criminal charges if warranted.
After inoculation by the vector, the virus travels via lymphatics to lymph nodes, and replicates in macrophages and neutrophils, resulting in lymphopenia, leukopenia, and fever.
After the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement went effective in 2012, it allowed Turner Broadcasting to directly manage Cartoon Network Korea starting from March 2015.
Aliwal North, lying on an agricultural plateau on the southern bank of the Orange River, is a popular inland resort known for its hot springs.
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, and his son Kolya.
Along with the stadium renovations, the city built a new pedestrian bridge to help make it easier to get to the ballpark using public transit.
Alternatively, picotechnology is used by some researchers in nanotechnology to refer to the fabrication of structures where atoms and devices are positioned with sub-nanometre accuracy.
As I sat at the table my back was to the window, and my brother George, he being my partner at cards, was facing it.
At about 2 p.m., Oswald was taken to the Police Department building, where homicide detective Jim Leavelle questioned him about the shooting of Officer Tippit.
Barclays Capital estimates that Russian banks and companies have roughly $270 billion in outstanding debt, nearly third of it due over the next three years.
Basically, I take my mobile phone - most students already have these, smartphones - and I plug it into this virtual-reality headset, a low-cost headset.
Both the reindeer ran by their side, and followed them as far as the boundaries of the country, where the first green leaves were budding.
CEA-Leti, a Grenoble, France-based research institute for electronics and information technologies, is one of the world's largest organizations for applied research in microelectronics and nanotechnology.
Chinese media reported that a new variant of the J-20, the J-20B, was unveiled on July 8, 2020 and entered mass production the same day.
Climate change and global warming are looming over the heads of Gen Zers, who will largely be the ones who will deal with the effects.
Coconut trees also are increasingly grown for decorative purposes along the coasts of the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia with the help of irrigation.
Contacts between police forces in different countries involved in a footballing event shall be coordinated and, where appropriate, arranged for by national football information centres.
During the Enlightenment writers such as Voltaire promoted research into Zoroastrianism in the belief that it was a form of rational Deism, preferable to Christianity.
Even after pharaohs began to construct pyramids for their tombs in the 3rd Dynasty, members of the nobility continued to be buried in mastaba tombs.
Evidence from the Graduate Impact Survey shows that Erasmus Mundus graduates generally believe they have gained valuable and relevant skills and experience from their courses.
fter Queensland had won the 1987 series 2-1, a fourth game was played at Long Beach, California to showcase rugby league to the American public.
Furthermore, the Bologna process, which all the Member States signed up to, aims at constructing a European higher education area which will promote student mobility.
In 1789, during the French Revolution, castle was renamed Château de La Roche Fidèle, declared a national asset, and afterwards was partially destroyed by vandals.
In 1988, BMW introduced an electronic/hydraulic ABS for motorcycles, ten years after Daimler Benz and Bosch released the first four-wheel vehicle ABS for series production.
In 2017, shortly before the Abe List litigation was resolved, Portia Boulger sued Woods for misidentifying her as a Nazi in an allegedly libelous tweet.
In Ecuadorian cuisine, sofrito is called refrito, and it is made of Spanish onions, cubanelle peppers, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic, cilantro, and ground toasted cumin.
Initially, most animals were diurnal, but adaptations that allowed some animals to become nocturnal is what helped contribute to the success of many, especially mammals.
In terms of race, conservatives and liberals were fairly similar, with more than 80% identifying as white and having been born in the United States.
In the past, early onset of puberty in boys has been associated with positive outcomes, such as leadership in high school and success in adulthood.
In the Upper South in the late 18th century, planters had less need for slaves, as they switched from labor-intensive tobacco cultivation to mixed-crop farming.
Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender street children are three times likelier to engage in survival sex compared with their heterosexual counterparts, according to one study.
Luke Timothy Johnson of the Candler School of Theology at Emory University, in his 1996 book The Real Jesus, voiced concerns with the seminar's work.
Many poets and painters have in the past written well known poems and painted pictures with Longjing cha as the theme, inspired by the landscape
Meanwhile, during the second world war, Hungary joined Germany against the Soviet Union, and in the fall of 1942, Ádám was drafted for military service.
Moreover, Romania's president canceled a visit to Ukraine scheduled for this month, and withdrew an invitation for the speaker of Ukraine's parliament to visit Bucharest.
Most herbaceous perennials such as bedding plants and perennial ornamental grasses are long-lasting and easy to look after and can be easily propagated by splitting.
Natural ecosystems, agricultural systems, water resources, and the benefits they provide to society are adapted to past climate conditions and their natural range of variability.
Note: The Bluetooth word mark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Pioneer is under license.
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Only with the modernization of agriculture in the 20th century and the invention of chemical pesticides did it become possible to effectively combat the cockchafer.
On May 23, 2013, Pearl Fernandez and Isauro Aguirre were arrested; Fernandez was arrested for felony child endangerment while Aguirre was arrested for attempted murder.
Or as I like to call him, the corrupt prosecutor who convicted David, then rode a tide of public goodwill into that seat in congress.
Organophosphate pesticides are one of the top causes of poisoning worldwide, with an annual incidence of poisonings among agricultural workers varying from 3-10% per country.
Painting and gluing aluminium is especially important in the aircraft industry, which uses toxic zinc chromate primers and chromating to add the necessary adhesion properties.
Ronald Richards is a Beverly Hills, California based criminal defense and civil litigation attorney who has made national media appearances as a legal expert commentator.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made his World Championship debut at the age of 17 years and 5 months, making him the second-youngest player since Hendry in 1986.
Satellites, with their ability to cover and to connect virtually every point around the world, are critical to the effective functioning of this neural network.
Some historians have argued that the Cold War began when the US negotiated a separate peace with Nazi SS General Karl Wolff in northern Italy.
Such sexual contact between Moore and a 14-year-old would have been a felony under Alabama law, and punishable by up to ten years in prison.
The appearance of sound films opened a new stage in the development of world cinema, by implication in the weak cinema of Romania as well.
The application of nitrogen from livestock manure on the arable crops of these farms may not, however, exceed 170 kg/ha nitrogen per hectare per year.
The blast-furnace process was developed starting in 1943 at Avonmouth, England by the Imperial Smelting Corporation, which became part of Rio Tinto Zinc in 1968.
The castor oil plant produces abundant amounts of very light pollen, which easily become airborne and can be inhaled into the lungs, triggering allergic reactions.
The conventional bucket of many skid loaders can be replaced with a variety of specialized buckets or attachments, many powered by the loader's hydraulic system.
The criteria for distinguishing building bricks from flags and tiles for paving or facing, are set out in the HS Explanatory Note to heading 6907.
The dominant religious beliefs during the Ming dynasty were the various forms of Chinese folk religion and the Three Teachings - Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism.
The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
"The earliest known Sanskrit title for the sūtra is the सद्धर्मपुण्डरीक सूत्र, Saddharma Puṇḍarīka Sūtra, meaning "Scripture of the Lotus Blossom of the Fine Dharma.
The Finnish Lapphund, Swedish Lapphund and Lapponian Herder were used by the Sami people to herd reindeer, but also for hunting and as sled dogs.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
The rose petal's micro- and nanostructures are larger in scale than those of the lotus leaf, which allows the liquid film to impregnate the texture.
The TerraMax UVG package is designed to be integrated into any tactical wheeled vehicle, and is fully incorporated into the brakes, steering, engine and transmission.
Tom and his wife, who took care of Tom's elderly mother, were disturbed by her excursions into their bedroom in the middle of the night.
Transplantation is one option for these patients but less than 50% can expect to receive a kidney transplant, due to a shortage of donor organs.
Under the terms of its lease, the stadium is able to host non-football events such as concerts, boxing and rugby fixtures at Manchester City's prerogative.
Unlike traditional journalism, social media does not have an obligation to the truth. Its users are its reporters, and they are accountable to no one.
"Volkswagen and Audi formulated initial guidelines for limiting grey market deliveries as long ago as August 1993, dividing them into "formal steps" and "practical measures.
When I see the idiots with money in their pockets I'm attempted to wring their necks like we used to with the chickens on maneuvers.
Without human activities, the influence of natural factors alone would actually have had a slight cooling effect on global climate over the last 50 years.
Action at Member State level is essential involving a wide range of actors from national, regional and local government, network operators, parents, teacher and school administrators.
After cutting down a swath of rainforest, soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they cannot sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock.
After initial military setbacks, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
and can be parametrized using the familiar polar angle φ: (x, y) = γ(φ) = (R cos φ, R sin φ) (0 < φ < 2π).
A number of acute and chronic infections including Chlamydophila pneumoniae, influenza, Helicobacter pylori, and Porphyromonas gingivalis among others have been linked to atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction.
A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you.
A population-based study completed by the National Alcohol Research Center found that women who identify as lesbian or bisexual are less likely to abstain from alcohol.
As alternatives to landfill, food waste can be composted to produce soil and fertilizer, fed to animals or insects, or used to produce energy or fuel.
Barnard appeared in Ironclad, a film set in 1215 and featuring the signing of the Magna Carta by King John and the rebellion by his barons.
Born in Grand Chute, Wisconsin, McCarthy commissioned into the Marine Corps in 1942, where he served as an intelligence briefing officer for a dive bomber squadron.
Brazing alloys, welding products of metal, containers, bottles and packaging of steel, aluminium and other metals or alloys intended to contain liquefied gases and other chemicals
Cellardyke was the first place in the UK that an instance of avian influenza, caused by the H5N1 subtype of the Influenza A virus, was confirmed.
Chinese historians in later periods were accustomed to the notion of one dynasty succeeding another, but the political situation in early China was much more complicated.
Dish are artichokes, always cultivated by our company, which are prepared in various ways: scapece, roasted on the grill, baked with bacon, and fried golden, etc.
During the last 40 years, many trials for constructing effective K. pneumoniae vaccines have been tried, and new techniques were followed to construct vaccines against Klebsiella.
Even in a narrow range of concentrations of mixtures of carbon and iron that make steel, several different metallurgical structures, with very different properties can form.
Following his combat sports career, LeBell, along with his brother Mike, ran the National Wrestling Alliance's Los Angeles territory, NWA Hollywood Wrestling, from 1968 to 1982.
Following the advice of his attorney, Rogowski pled guilty to first-degree murder and rape, thus avoiding the death penalty or life without the chance of parole.
For him, the arctic climate of Arkhangelsk was hell on earth, but for her, who had grown up in this region, Arkhangelsk was heaven on earth.
Hot carbon dioxide, unreacted carbon monoxide, and nitrogen from the air pass up through the furnace as fresh feed material travels down into the reaction zone.
In 1896, Matisse, an unknown art student at the time, visited the Australian painter John Russell on the island Belle Île off the coast of Brittany.
In 2010, the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation after one year of research, revealed that antisemitism was common among some 8th, 9th, and 10th graders in Oslo's schools.
In 2013, YouTube introduced an option for channels with at least a thousand subscribers to require a paid subscription in order for viewers to watch videos.
In central Italy's political struggle between Guelphs and Ghibellines, Dante was part of the Guelphs, who in general favored the Papacy over the Holy Roman Emperor.
In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
In vitro experiments have carried out for researching the kinetics of uptake of the drugs by human carcinoma cell lines (MCF7, A375M, PANC-1, PC-3 and KB).
In women with HPV-related diseases, HPV 52 was the most common in the premalignant lesions, whereas HPV 16 had the highest prevalence in the carcinoma group.
Many buildings are quite beautiful to look at and the view from a tall building or from a cleverly-positioned window can be a beauty to behold.
Mr President, these are not just isolated incidents that we are witnessing in the Middle East, but rather a broad panorama of crises with global impact.
Next will come public discussion, analysis, the compiling of a final proposal and the delivery of the proposal to the Parliament of the Republic of Montenegro.
Notably, over half (58%) of emoji users are more likely to open an email 📨 from a brand that has an emoji in the subject line.
or questions before you buy EOP, or questions about billing and subscriptions, go to Support > Ask for Customer Support > Call billing and subscription support.
Part of its charm is the lack of visible corporate development.; Paths, trains and boats connect the villages, and cars cannot reach them from the outside.
Plants' source of nutrients is the soil, and the most nutrient rich soil is detritus, a stew of decaying organic matter from a variety of sources.
"Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed "Political Agents" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas."
Social conservatives are strongest in the South and in recent years played a major role in the political coalitions of Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.
Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia claims that the inflation will most likely peak on the third quarter of the year and start tapering off by October.
That is why it is rather artificial, at a moment when there is no European public opinion, to create parties from above in a forced way.
The alloy of 76% gold, 19% copper, and 5% aluminium yields a yellow color; the alloy of 76% gold, 18% copper and 6% aluminium is pink.
The British Parliament has two houses too: the House of Lords and the House of Commons, whereas Congress has the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The core issue is burden-sharing across bondholders, citizens of the deficit countries, the EU, and, indeed, the rest of the world (via the International Monetary Fund).
The dessert consisting of delicious Florentine pastries offered by our Massimiliano, was combined with a delicate sparkling wine Prosecco and Chardonnay and Vin Santo dessert wine.
The drawback of the mechanical-electrical analogy is that electronics are limited by the range over which the variables may vary due to the fixed supply voltage.
The most common terms for homosexual people are lesbian for females and gay for males, but gay also commonly refers to both homosexual females and males.
There are many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
The success of his hydraulic crane led Armstrong to establish the Elswick works at Newcastle, to produce his hydraulic machinery for cranes and bridges in 1847.
The vertebral column of the London specimen shows an incomplete cervical series, 22 articulated vertebrae above the tail, five or six sacrals, and 23 caudal vertebrae.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) describes health as a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
Tibetan Silver includes copper-tin, and copper-nickel alloys; zinc alloys; and other alloy compositions, as well as base metals such as iron plated with a silver alloy.
Trading spread (the difference between the BID price and the ASK price of the base currency) is floating and it may change depending on market conditions.
Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States.
Vacuum brazing is often conducted in a furnace; this means that several joints can be made at once because the whole workpiece reaches the brazing temperature.
Watts also studied written Chinese and practiced Chinese brush calligraphy with Hasegawa as well as with some of the Chinese students who enrolled at the academy.
When a critical infrastructure device is attacked, the federal authorities should be able to arrange with the Internet providers that data traffic is blocked or redirected.
When the excess flow valve is at cut-off position, the flow through the by-pass shall not exceed 500 cm3/min at a differential pressure of 700 kPa.
Zoophiles tend to experience their first zoosexual feelings during adolescence, and tend to be secretive about it, hence limiting the ability for non-Internet communities to form.
A bicarbonate solution may be used to flood the burns and to wet the burn dressings, but cupric sulfate (CuSO4) is no longer recommended for these burns.
A blast furnace is a type of metallurgical furnace used for smelting to produce industrial metals, generally pig iron, but also others such as lead or copper.
Adolescence is the period of time whereby humans experience puberty, and experience anatomical changes to their bodies through the increase of sex hormones released in the body.
After the victory of Emperor Otto I over the Magyars in 955, Slovene territory was divided into a number of border regions of the Holy Roman Empire.
Agriculture in Tamil Nadu has faced a thunder like hit since the low rainfall had left the crops and agricultural lands with no water for irrigation purposes.
Blogs can also help improve student writing; While students often begin their blog experience with sloppy grammar and spelling, the presence of an audience generally changes that.
Cement plaster is a mixture of suitable plaster, sand, Portland cement and water which is normally applied to masonry interiors and exteriors to achieve a smooth surface.
Despite having a relatively low loan-to-deposit ratio, the Greek banking sector has experienced difficulties in accessing liquidity on wholesale markets, leaving it substantially reliant on Eurosystem lending.
Edmond, amazed, wonderstruck, filled his pockets with the radiant gems and then returned to daylight, when he discovered that his prizes had all changed into common pebbles.
Even if you are not on facebook, the possibility does exist that the plugins transmit your IP-address to facebook and that it will be stored by facebook.
Fox Broadcasting Company aired a special entitled Mutant Watch to promote the movie that partially includes in universe scenes of a senate hearing featuring Senator Robert Kelly.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
Government bonds are often seen to as risk-free bonds, because the government can raise taxes or create additional currency in order to redeem the bond at maturity.
Graham's case was presented to the United States Supreme Court, with the question of whether juveniles should receive life without the possibility of parole in non-homicide cases.
However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
Human ova, like those of other mammals, are covered with a thick translucent layer called the zona pellucida, which the sperm must penetrate to fertilize the egg.
In 1916 an 86-acre landing field was established to the east of Leadenham village for the use of detachments of 38 Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
Lewis was a committed Anglican who upheld a largely orthodox Anglican theology, though in his apologetic writings, he made an effort to avoid espousing any one denomination.
Mahāyāna Buddhism generally sees the attainment of the arhat as an inferior one, since it is seen as being done only for the sake of individual liberation.
Maimonides and his wife, the daughter of Mishael ben Yeshayahu Halevi, had one child who survived into adulthood, Abraham Maimonides, who became recognized as a great scholar.
Millesimal fineness is a system of denoting the purity of platinum, gold and silver alloys by parts per thousand of pure metal by mass in the alloy.
On 28 and 29 July the Conference of the Directors of the Italian Cultural Institutes will be taking place at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples.
On the other hand, the BSP records an inflation rate of 2.2% in April and 2.5% in March compared from 2.6% in February and 2.9% in January.
Products composed mainly of plaster of Paris and a small amount of Portland cement are used for casting sculptures and other art objects as well as molds.
Providing facilities for fitness and exercise, and for recreation activities in the nature of tennis and aquatic facilities, horse riding, country club facilities and health club facilities
Public broadcasting outlets include both a television station and a radio station, both broadcasting under the call letters KQED from a facility near the Potrero Hill neighborhood.
Results of clinical trials evaluating the efficacy of IGF-1 in type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes showed reduction in hemoglobin A1C levels and daily insulin consumption.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
Tempering is a heat treatment technique applied to ferrous alloys, such as steel or cast iron, to achieve greater toughness by decreasing the hardness of the alloy.
The accuracy of the receptor-indicator unit shall be with ± 2% of full scale, or ± 10% of the magnitude of the reading, whichever is the smaller.
"The commissioner said",We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020.
The concept of adolescence has been criticized by experts, such as Robert Epstein, who state that an undeveloped brain is not the main cause of teenagers' turmoils.
The constitution and electoral law state that only members of the three constituent ethnic groups are eligible to stand for election to the tripartite presidency and parliament.
The court tried the case, found that Li's conduct amounted to illegal demonstration and sentenced her, under article 296 of the Chinese Penal Code, to 18 months'imprisonment.
The house was a large solid red brick structure, sprawling lengthwise rather than upwards, with rather too many gables, and a vast number of leaded paned windows.
The Renaissance had less influence on French religious architecture; cathedrals and churches, for the most part, continued to be built or rebuilt in the Flamboyant Gothic style.
The term nanotechnology refers to the targeted and controlled measurement, development, production and application of nanomaterials, whose structures, particles, fibres or platelets measure less than 100 nanometres.
The Typica is served whenever the Divine Liturgy is not celebrated at its usual time, i.e., when there is a vesperal Liturgy or no Liturgy at all.
"The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from Somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia."
Tin bronze was superior to arsenic bronze in that the alloying process could be more easily controlled, and the resulting alloy was stronger and easier to cast.
Using manure as a fertilizer risks contaminating food with animal gut bacteria, including pathogenic strains of E. coli that have caused fatal poisoning from eating organic food.
A host of subjects has been used by the nations on the face of the cards -such things as horsemen, elephants, hawks, bells, flowers, birds and many others.
Alan Partridge was created for the 1991 BBC Radio 4 comedy programme On The Hour, a spoof of British current affairs broadcasting, as the show's hapless sports presenter.
Allium schubertii is a perennial plant that grows from an underground bulb and which produces vivid green, strap-like leaves in the spring, which die back before it blooms.
A particular effort will be devoted to research on the design of multisensoral integrated systems able to function in the absence of inspectors by using mobile robotic technology.
A plank used in a building as a horizontal supporting member that runs between foundations, walls, or beams to support a ceiling or floor is called a joist.
A semi bottom dump or belly dump is a 3-axle tractor pulling a 2-axle trailer with a clam shell type dump gate in the belly of the trailer.
As much as Saudi Arabia is not Islam and doesn't represent Muslims, Israel is neither the Jewish people nor does it or should it represent the Jewish religion.
Because nanotechnology is a recent development, the health and safety effects of exposures to nanomaterials, and what levels of exposure may be acceptable, are subjects of ongoing research.
Because nanotechnology is a recent development, the health and safety effects of exposures to nanomaterials, and what levels of exposure may be acceptable, is not yet fully understood.
Bernoulli's imaginary logarithmic utility function and Gabriel Cramer's U=W1/2 function were conceived at the time not for a theory of demand but to solve the St. Petersburg's game.
But, despite this understanding, the major central banks continue to maintain extremely low interest rates as a way to increase demand and, with it, the rate of inflation.
By the end of the Social War, Marius and Sulla were the premier military men in Rome and their partisans were in conflict, both sides jostling for power.
Criticism on the effects of the green revolution include the cost for many small farmers using HYV seeds, with their associated demands of increased irrigation systems and pesticides.
"Danius said",Right now we are doing nothing; I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies; For now, that is certainly enough.
For Eastern Christians this was the start of a great adventure, to take what they believed was the true and First Christianity to the far ends of Asia.
he priest then pours a portion of the oil into the baptismal font, making the Sign of the Cross with the oil three times, as all sing Alleluia.
hough many myths have been connected to Vlad III in connection with the Dracula myth, most historians agree that Vlad III Dracula never set foot in Castle Bran.
However, if you sync manually from your device (when it's not docked or plugged in), it disconnects from the wireless network immediately after syncing to save battery power.
In 1974 he appeared in the world of Sport with football and in 1976 he entered in the view of Martial arts with Karate, improving in Combat sports.
In fact, region codes have absolutely no effect on illegal copying; a bit-for-bit copy of a disk will play just fine on any device where the original will.
In general, the injury pattern in MMA is very similar to that in professional boxing but unlike that found in other combat sports such as judo and taekwondo.
In Limbu cuisine, sargemba or sargyangma is a type of blood sausage made mostly from pork intestines, pork fat, rice and yangben, a type of edible wild lichen.
Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
Like all snakes, rattlesnakes lack external ear openings, and the structures of their middle ear are not as highly specialized as those of other vertebrates, such as mammals.
Many of these laws were passed after 1980 because of the reduction of available farmland, adversity from private and public nuisance actions, which hinder the prospect of farming.
Mass car ownership also leads to a higher incidence of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new techniques in healthcare for repairing damaged bodies.
Mung bean sprouts are stir-fried as a Chinese vegetable accompaniment to a meal, usually with garlic, ginger, spring onions, or pieces of salted dried fish to add flavour.
Oceanic and atmospheric Rossby waves - also known as planetary waves - naturally occur largely due to the Earth's rotation; These waves affect the planet's weather and climate.
Opinion polls in September 1990 reported that Labour had established a 14% lead over the Conservatives, and by November the Conservatives had been trailing Labour for 18 months.
Organization of a series of joint information and publicity activities (Multilingual communication material, newsletters, Infodays - Roadshows, Mass media campaign, press conferences etc) throughout the whole project life
Pap smear screening is still recommended for those who have been vaccinated against HPV since the vaccines do not cover all HPV types that can cause cervical cancer.
Probable DLB can be diagnosed when dementia and at least two core features are present, or when one core feature and at least one indicative biomarker are present.
Resigning his commission in 1818, he was engaged as a teacher of Latin and Greek in the gymnasium at Augsburg, where his students included the young Napoleon III.
Some English translations I had made of French poetry had enjoyed some success and I had been appointed to a lectureship at Beardsley College, Ohio, in the fall.
The Breadwinner is a 2017 animated drama film by Irish animation studio Cartoon Saloon directed by Nora Twomey and executive produced by Mimi Polk Gitlin and Angelina Jolie.
The Conservatives still finished with over two million votes, taking third place in the popular vote, and falling only two percentage points short of Reform for second place.
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
"The debate was sparked by controversy over spending on relief and reconstruction in the wake Hurricane Katrina; which some fiscal conservatives have humorously labeled "Bush's New Orleans Deal.
The Il-76 has been a major component of both the Russian and Soviet military since the 1970s, and had already seen a serious accident in Russia last month.
The QZ bunker was designed by military engineer Josif Zagali, who served with the Partisans during World War II and trained in the Soviet Union after the war.
The roof is made using trusses, or wooden support beams called vigas, that rest on the wooden shoes or the tin can walls placed on the bond beams.
The song was released on 11 March 2018, and its music video went on to receive more than 20 million views two months before the beginning of Eurovision.
The specifications require the bus be kept within a minimum and maximum common mode bus voltage, but do not define how to keep the bus within this range.
The trend is toward using ISO 18000-6c as the tag of choice and combining an active tagging system that relies on existing 802.11X wireless infrastructure for active tags.
This would be an opportune time for governments to issue more inflation-indexed debt, to begin issuing it, or to issue nominal GDP-linked debt, which is analogous to it.
When an obstruction is encountered, the plough bottom hinges back and up in such a way as to pass over the obstruction, without stopping the tractor and plough.
With its recent civil wars and heavy reliance on child soldiers, Sauvaire decided that the West African country of Liberia would be the perfect setting for the film.
According to the Erdős-Pósa theorem, the size of a minimum feedback vertex set is within a logarithmic factor of the maximum number of vertex-disjoint cycles in the given graph.
After Amenhotep III's reign - and particularly during the 18th and 19th Dynasties - it came into fashion and was even adopted by some pharaohs as a primary crown.
As children reach adolescence, the period of time between age 13 and 19, the dynamics of the parent-child relationship change as peer groups are now the focus of attention.
Aside from this meal, we cannot guarantee the absence of trace amounts of peanuts or other types of nuts in our meals, whether on board or at the airport.
At the door of every happy person there should be a man with a hammer whose knock would serve as a constant reminder of the existence of unfortunate people.
Cervical lymphadenopathy is seen in 50% to 75% of children, whereas the other features are estimated to occur in 90%, but sometimes it can be the dominant presenting symptom.
For Australians, the idea of 'flat white' coffee is foreign; A short black is 'espresso', cappuccino comes heaped high with cream (not froth), and tea is served without milk.
"Germany code-named the attack "Operation Sealion"; Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak."
If the objective of one's visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
In France, voting has traditionally been a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating their candidate of choice into an envelope.
In January 2001 the then new Premier Ivica Racan faced a sharp choice: swiftly purge state bureaucracies of Tudjman's partisans or yield to the obstructive ploys of HDZ loyalists.
In the context of his election conspiracy theories, Byrne has also written posts pushing alternative cures to COVID-19 and questioning the role of vaccines on his blog Deep Capture.
In this world, each emoji has only one facial expression - except for Gene, an exuberant emoji who was born without a filter and is bursting with multiple expressions.
Most historians see liberalism in the doldrums in the 1950s, with the old spark of New Deal dreams overshadowed by the glitzy complacency and conservatism of the Eisenhower years.
n various countries mice are used as food for pets such as snakes, lizards, frogs, tarantulas and birds of prey, and many pet stores carry mice for this purpose.
One plausible starting point of the Anthropocene could be at ca. 2,000 years ago, which roughly coincides with the start of the final phase of Holocene, the Sub Atlantic.
Pinder & Jones (1969) used variations in Na2+, Ca2+, Mg2+, Cl-, SO42-, and in their study of storm-runoff components in small headwater basins in sedimentary terrain in Nova Scotia.
Sledgehammers are used in construction demolition, in mining, in driving fence posts into the ground and in driving the spikes that secure the rails to the wooden railway ties.
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
The lotus leaf has a randomly rough surface and low contact angle hysteresis, which means the water droplet is not able to wet the microstructure spaces between the spikes.
The lowest layer of the atmosphere, the troposphere, begins at Earth's surface and reaches up to 7 kilometers at the poles and to about 17-18 kilometers at the equator.
The proceedings of the first day will begin on the morning of 28 July with addresses by the Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs, Benedetto Della Vedova, and Director General Terracciano.
The structure is typically finished with plaster, either cement stucco on a strong mesh layer or an adobe or lime plaster, to shed water and prevent fabric UV damage.
The term Papier collé was coined by both Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso in the beginning of the XX century when collage became a distinctive part of modern art.
The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up prominent landmarks in Ethiopia and Kenya.
Traditional desert farming systems have long been established in North Africa, irrigation being the key to success in an area where water stress is a limiting factor to growth.
Waste oil furnace is a type of furnace used for heating purposes and is fueled by used oil that is free of hazardous contaminants, as described by the EPA.
We got a guy on trial who was wrongfully convicted on bad eyewitness testimony, and you don't tell me that the kid waffled on the ID or the time.
While understanding one's history does not assume understanding of culture, it does at least help people gain a sense of where they fall within the history of the organization.
A father who faked images depicting his son as a water polo star has been sentenced to four months in prison for using bribery to get his son into college.
A front-loader or loader is a tractor with an engineering tool which consists of two hydraulic powered arms on either side of the front engine compartment and a tilting implement.
Although the number of AIDS cases remained small by international standards, public health officials were concerned in the late 1980s about the worldwide epidemic of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Another example is Magna Carta, an English charter issued in 1215, which required the King to renounce certain rights and accept that his will could be bound by the law.
At present, nanoinformatics is an extension of bioinformatics due to the great opportunities for nanotechnology in medical applications, as well as to the importance of regulatory approvals to product commercialization.
At the dawn of the 21st century, information and communication technologies are revolutionising the functioning of the economy and society, and are generating new ways of producing, trading and communicating.
Back in Australia, Kel is watching MasterChef with Brett when a news update from Papilloma about the royal wedding interrupts the show, and Brett realises it is Kim getting hitched.
Cords for table lamps and the like should be attached to the wall or to furniture so that the child cannot pull down the lamp and be struck by it.
Flaring Technology After putting a F37 flange onto a seamless hydraulic tube or pipe, the tube end will be flared to 37°, what also explains the name of this technology.
For lovers of this dessert, our chef Luciano has imagined it in the classic version or presented in a cup of dark chocolate to be savored together with the dessert.
Hungry Emoji Pillow is the fluffy cushion of the adorable smiley emoticon with a smiling expression and the tongue out licking lower lip also known as Face Savouring Delicious Food.
If the natural logarithms of the values measured in the series are χ1, χ2,..., χi and L is the natural logarithm of the limit value for the pollutant, then, define
In fact, the first Italian Open took place in 1925 and since then it has been keeping audiences on the edge of their seats right up to the final hole.
In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
In June 1995, Kehoe and an accomplice kidnapped and robbed Malcolm and Jill Friedman, a couple believed to be Jewish, who owned a store at which Kehoe was once employed.
In the case of accounts receivable from customers for mortgage loans granted, the presumable realisation value has been determined taking into account the real guarantees on the properties in question.
John Jackson Tumlinson Sr., the first alcalde of the Colorado district, is considered by many Texas Ranger historians to be the first Texas Ranger killed in the line of duty.
Mobile data is the use of wireless data communications using radio waves to send and receive real time computer data to, from and between devices used by field based personnel.
On the continent of Europe, Anno Domini was introduced as the era of choice of the Carolingian Renaissance by the English cleric and scholar Alcuin in the late VIII century.
Parenting does not usually end when a child turns 18. Support may be needed in a child's life well beyond the adolescent years and continues into middle and later adulthood.
The AI system is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and the military, as has been built in several home computer and video game software applications.
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
The behaviour of the Princess Monaco, one of the many victims of the French revolution, on the morning of her execution, will be long remembered for its eccentricity and heroism.
The disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the focal complexity and number of lens elements required to achieve a range of focal lengths is much greater than for prime lenses.
The pollen wall protects the sperm while the pollen grain is moving from the anther to the stigma; it protects the vital genetic material from drying out and solar radiation.
The supporting structure of a roof usually comprises beams that are long and of strong, fairly rigid material such as timber, and since the mid-19th century, cast iron or steel.
Unfortunately, when you make a DVD, it's borders will most likely be cut too, and if the video had subtitles too close to the bottom, they won't be fully shown.
A far spicier variant of piccalilli comes from the former Dutch colony of Suriname, where traditional British piccalilli is mixed with a sambal made of garlic and yellow Madame Jeanette peppers.
After the establishment of the parish as the centre of the Christian spiritual life, the possession of a cemetery, as well as the baptismal font, was a mark of parochial status.
Anyone interested in seeing evidence of the damage to the mummy done during attempts to remove it from the coffin will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
A satellite phone is not generally a replacement for a mobile phone, as you have to be outdoors with clear line of sight to the satellite to make a phone call.
A snake with keeled scales, and a narrow head that is wider than the neck, the Pacific gopher snake also displays a protruding rostral scale on the tip of the snout.
At the other end of the spectrum, one morphs into an unrecognizable individual that feels he or she must change everything the team has been doing and make it their own.
Both the prosecutor and the defense at the murder trial agreed that Price was an innocent victim, and that neither she nor her companion were in the area to buy drugs.
Despite the potential for inflation, the U.S. Fed and central banks around the globe decided it would not be necessary to raise interest rates to counteract the rise in oil prices.
Ellis argued that with an enemy prepared to defend the beaches, success depended on high-speed movement of waves of assault craft, covered by heavy naval gunfire and attack from the air.
Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland.
If it goes too slow, the ECB has earned sufficient credibility as an inflation fighter to make up for it in the future with little if any economic or political cost.
In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1907, several of the New South Wales rugby union team's players defected to play for the New South Wales rugby league team against a visiting rebel New Zealand rugby team.
In June 2016, the European Parliament's STOA unit published an overview of EU laws and rules that will be affected by developments in the areas of robotics, cyber-physical systems and AI.
Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa.
Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news and news reporting when they were students at UW in 1988.
Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
Previously when one channel was in warning status and another channel also entered warning status the sending of a warning mail for the second was impossible; this has been made possible.
Representing the Mass media, Mr. Antonio Hidalgo, Spanish Television journalist spoke about how media can help people to overcome cultural shock and to be integrated in the host country more rapidly.
Space for the most popular areas, such as the Bright Angel Campground adjacent to Phantom Ranch, generally fill up by the requests received on first date they are opened to reservations.
Sporting events become a focus in the capital throughout May and June, including the French Open tennis tournament at Stade Roland Garros and the Open de France at Le Gold National.
The circumstances of Howell's death and the many rumours about his dishonesty and double dealings led to the accusation that he had used letters in his possession to blackmail prominent persons.
The gingival reproduction used in implant prosthesis simulates the conditioning of the gingival tissue for the determination of the shape of the cervical contours and the emergence profile of the prosthesis.
The high ornamental stone screen that separates the choir from the ambulatory was put in place between the 16th and 18th century, to adapt the church to a change in liturgy.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
Additionally, silicone compounds such as silicone rubber are used as coatings and sealants for airbags; the high strength of silicone rubber makes it an optimal adhesive and sealant for high impact airbags.
ADM puts forward that he was motivated by a personal objective to deflect onto ADM an FBI investigation of his own criminal acts by expanding ADM's potential culpability in future criminal proceedings.
Criminally negligent manslaughter occurs where there is an omission to act when there is a duty to do so, or a failure to perform a duty owed, which leads to a death.
However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism.
It can also be a good way to stretch a budget to allow a longer stay somewhere since many volunteer jobs provide room and board and a few pay a small salary.
It isn't alone though, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that is used to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, asking questions, and making observations also guide scientific research.
Modern steel making in India began with the setting of first blast furnace of India at Kulti in 1870 and production began in 1874, which was set up by Bengal Iron Works.
Only 4 kilometres from the centre and close to the A23 motorway, this hotel offers modern rooms, a large free car park, a coffee bar, and a restaurant with regularly changing specialities.
Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Sky Sports was the first channel to show live rugby union every week when it picked up the rights to show the top division of England club rugby in the mid 1990s.
The 52nd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest took place in Helsinki, Finland, and consisted of a semi-final on 10 May, and the grand final two days later on 12 May 2007.
The approximate concentration of the analysis medium is read on a calibration line drawn on a semi-logarithmic scale with the standard fluoride solutions with titres of 0,1- 0,2- 0,5- 1,0- 2,0 mg/l.
The company produces automated material handling systems for a broad spectrum of industries, including courier and postal services, warehousing, coal, cement, independent power producers, food and beverage processing, automotive assembly and others.
The Eurovision Song Contest 2017 took place at the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev, Ukraine and consisted of two semi-finals on 9 and 11 May and the final on 13 May 2017.
There is an old wives tale that having a hot drink can help with common cold and influenza symptoms, including sore throat, but there is only limited evidence to support this idea.
You are younger, and yet, I'll be bound, you are taller and twice as broad across the shoulders; you could knock him down in a twinkling; don't you feel that you could?'
Also between each dynasty was an unstable age of divided provinces; The best-known of these periods was the Three Kingdoms epoch taking place for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasty.
Although Chile declared independence in 1810 (amid the Napoleonic wars that left Spain without a functioning central government for a couple of years), decisive victory over the Spanish was not achieved until 1818.
Although the prodigious artist Pablo Picasso (1881-1973) is best known for his work in these two plastic arts, his forays into literature, and specifically into playwriting, although less successful, should also be mentioned.
Considered one of the most important archaeological sites in Egypt, the sacred city of Abydos was the site of many ancient temples, including Umm el-Qa'ab, a royal necropolis where early pharaohs were entombed.
"Moreover, the similarities between MMA and the conflicts existing today in the world seem to be many; as a matter of fact, "Combat sports, entertainment and military spirit are mutually enriching each other.
Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
Retail and wholesale services in relation to chemicals used in agriculture, horticulture and forestry, manures, sanitary preparations, disinfectants, preparations for destroying vermin, fungicides and herbicides, agricultural, horticultural and forestry products, grains and seeds
Soon after Steve Davis (mondial sextuple champion) said that he had never seen anyone as good as Zhao Xintong at this age, not even Ronnie O'Sullivan, another great player analyzed this boy's Skills.
The International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda have since 1995 been investigating, prosecuting and bringing to justice violations of laws and customs of war, genocide and crimes against humanity.
The obvious way of flying in first or business class is to fork out a thick wad of money for the privilege (or, better yet, get your company to do it for you).
The RS-485 serial port uses a cable with 3 wires: two for the differential communication signal (D+ and D-) and a third for the voltage reference (GND) in line with the RS-485 standard.
This is just like symptomatic treatment in many cases; However, if we do not only want a temporary solution, then we should find the root of the problems, and we should deactivate them.
This program seeks to contribute to the development and deepening of knowledge and skills of Chilean students who receive recognition of a degree, valid European Higher Education Area attached automatically in 47 countries.
What measures will the Commission take to ensure that this Directive is properly applied in the case of Valencia zoo, so as to ensure the protection and welfare of the animals kept there?
When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town.
"And so, notice, it's just like the graph of f(x) =x2 except when you get to 2, it has this gap, because you don't use the "f(x) =x2 when x=2", you use "g(x) =1.
By applying EMAS, individual organisations and institutions explore concrete ways to measure and reduce the environmental impact of various activities, for instance energy and materials use and travelling by car or railway or airplane.
Once you get familiar with the tourism destinations of Basel and develop a plan for visiting them one by one, you will be glad you opted for car hire as your choice of transportation.
On the occasion of the 2018 edition of the French Open tennis tournament, which takes place from 21st May to 10th June, we take a look at the links between influencer marketing and tennis.
On the outlying islands credit cards will probably not be accepted, although British and United States currency may be taken; check with the owners in advance to determine what is an acceptable payment method.
"Systems that control the "robot" using information from sensors which measure force or torque applied to an external object, distance to an external object, or tactile sense between the "robot" and an external object;"
These are, in principle, those Member States where the average temperature for a majority of their territory is below 12 °C for at least two of the three months of June, July and August.
The trust placed by citizens in artificial intelligence, robotics and related technologies, including the software, algorithms and data used or produced by such technologies, depends on the understanding and comprehension of the technical processes.
Al Gore and General Tommy Franks casually rattle off their favorite headlines (Gore's was when The Onion reported he and Tipper were having the best sex of their lives after his 2000 Electoral College defeat).
Different sources indicate that the recruitment of minors and suicide attackers by the Taliban happens mostly in the border area: the south and south-east of Afghanistan and in madrassas and refugee communities in north-west Pakistan.
Guests with health problems such as high blood pressure, heart problems etc., and pregnant women are kindly requested to fill in the health status form and to consult our SPA Reception before booking the treatments.
In a coordinate system where the z axis is the axis of symmetry, the top has angular velocities ω1, ω2, ω3 and moments of inertia I1, I2, I3 about the x, y, and z axes.
My son has been in jail since 1977, and I am 78 and suffer from high blood pressure and diabetes; I am losing my sight and cannot really get around my own home any more.
Processing of computer data, exclusively for use in the field of medical or clinical research or in the field of processing of medical or clinical data, but not for use in connection with physical robots
The stability of the airplane shall not, however, be such that excessive demands are made on the pilot's strength or that the safety of the aeroplane is prejudiced by lack of manoeuvrability in emergency conditions.
For example, in 2011 the Commission was able to close an antitrust investigation into allegations that the German pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim had filed for unmeritorious patents regarding new treatments for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
"Happiness or related mental states like hopefulness, optimism and contentment appear to reduce the risk or limit the severity of cardiovascular disease, pulmonary disease, diabetes, hypertension, colds and upper-respiratory infections," says a report in Time magazine.
However the biggest power packs of the corporation are also manufactured here: the V6, V8 and V10 engines, and now also quite recently, the V12 diesel engine - which is the heart of the Q7 model.
In clinical trials of metastatic carcinoma of the colon or rectum, there was no increased risk of post-operative bleeding or wound healing complications observed in patients who underwent major surgery # days prior to starting Avastin
In Germany, Deutsche Bausparkasse Badenia grants special loans for the construction and restoration of buildings meeting ecological criteria and to cover the cost of energy systems in general, even with a view to energy-saving in alterations.
In some federal countries, such as the United States and Canada, income tax is levied both at the federal level and at the local level, so the rates and brackets can vary from region to region.
The services provided by Hammersen Elementbau included the configuration of the trapezoidal roof profiles, roof-sealing work, the fitting of elements to the building shell, lightning protection and the installation of the Profilit glazing in the gable.
Any contact conditions that include heating up to 70 °C for up to 2 hours, or up to 100 °C for up to 15 minutes, which are not followed by long term room or refrigerated temperature storage.
Fail-safes in nanotechnology are devices or features integrated with nanotechnology which, in the event of failure, respond in a way that will cause no harm, or at least a minimum of harm, to other devices or personnel.
Gravity meters, designed or modified for airborne or marine use, and having a static or operational accuracy of 7 × 10-6 m/s2 (0,7 milligal) or less (better), and having a time-to-steady-state registration of 2 minutes or less;
In response to the rapid growth of Robusta coffee production in Vietnam, which has led to deforestation and land degradation, the study will promote the value of water among smallholders and recommend practical ways to optimise water use.
Following an introductory section, that list of verse titles, which is arranged according to the frequency with which the poem is cited in various anthologies, sets out the author, title, opening line and year of publication for each poem.
Take a peel vegetables, a mandolin and a grater for vegetables and have fun to reduce in strips or washers or julienne your vegetables (the tomatoes you should cut them in slices with a knife with a wavy blade).
Thanks to a combination of passion for music, technical expertise, craft skill, research and the strictest possible selection of materials, each Fazioli piano is a genuine masterpiece, which embodies exclusive features in terms of its functionality, aesthetics and sound.
This type of sports contract thus limits the free movement of the players, which is vital for the proper functioning of the internal market, and breaches competition rules given that it could potentially distort the market in football players.
Ensure that the tip is mounted on the BOBCAT hammer B 1200 B 1400 will not break and hard, doing its job well, it is our goal, and we can guarantee thanks to a meticulous control of all production phases.
Within the meaning of Note 3 to Section XVI, the principal function of the camera is the capturing and recording of still images and, therefore, the product is to be classified as a digital camera of subheading 8525 80 30.
It is not acceptable to have people say today that Eurodac is going to be used to record the fingerprints of asylum-seekers and minors, and justifying this on the grounds that it is easier than taking DNA samples is beyond belief.
The amount of (non-carbonate) CaO and MgO in the raw materials is conservatively assumed to be zero, i.e. all Ca and Mg in the product is assumed to have originated from carbonate raw materials, reflected by conversion factors of value 1.
The investments are in steel processing (panel production and section construction; conservation) so as to be able to build and handle larger steel constructions (sections) and in extending the ship lift by 40 m to allow the lifting of longer ships.
The Jury then meets in plenary session and examines the financial reporting and documents chosen by the nine Recommendation Panels and chooses two finalists and a winner for each Oscar di Bilancio category and for the Special Award for Corporate Governance.
5.3.2 This can also be demonstrated by verifying that less than [XX mg/m3 or mg/kg] of mercury is present in the fractions that are intended to be recycled and that the fractions where the mercury is concentrated are directed to appropriate disposal.
Alloys containing with other elements more than 10% by weight of copper, not usefully malleable and commonly used as an additive in the manufacture of other alloys or as de-oxidants, de-sulphurising agents or for similar uses in the metallurgy of non-ferrous metals.
At September 30, 2012, non current financial liabilities totaled 1,942,448 thousand euro and included the bond loan issued on the European market in March 2010 by Italcementi Finance S.A. for an aggregate nominal amount of 738 million euro, with a 5.375% coupon.
Building on experience gained within EGNOS11 for the development of an augmentation system for GPS and GLONASS, Europe has recognised the importance of having a global navigation satellite system conceived as a civil system, and has launched the definition phase of GALILEO.
Speakers at the Conference include the Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, Luigi Di Maio, the Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs, Benedetto Della Vedova, guests with a high public and institutional profile, and around 100 Cultural Promotion officials working at the Farnesina.
The introduction of the CD player into the worldwide market helped to replace audio tape as the preferred recording medium, which would eventually lead consumers into the digital age and the advent of MP3s and MP3 players in the early twenty-first century.
Mass media is used to divert public attention from important issues and changes that are decided upon by the political and economic elites, through the technique of derailing important facts or information through the continuous flood of distractions, mindless entertainment and insignificant information.
In connection with its communications to the Council and the European Parliament of 20 September 2007 and 21 February 2018, the Commission has presented an action programme aimed at combating the global problem of HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis and identifying various strategies to be implemented.
Furthermore, whenever the same crime is committed by simple violation of the accident prevention regulations, a monetary sanction is applicable ranging from 250 to 500 quotas, whereas in the event of conviction an interdictory sanction applies for a duration ranging from three months to one year.
It appears that there is no valid reason for changing the standard temperature from 15 °C to 8 °C, as Member States can easily convert any volume of mineral oils measured under any ambient temperature to the volume which corresponds to the standard temperature of 15 °C.
From 1 January 2010 will the compensation granted be reduced by 50% if the farmer concerned has not taken insurance covering at least 50% of mean annual production or of income related to production and the statistically most frequent climatic risks in the Member State or region concerned?
Where source materials such as micro-organisms, tissues of either plant or animal origin, cells or fluids (including blood) of human or animal origin or biotechnological cell constructs are used in the manufacture of veterinary medicinal products, the origin and history of starting materials shall be described and documented.
On 26 January 2011 the Frankfurt court issued a judgement of first instance on the lawsuit which was filed by Innova Pharma against Bayer Healthcare following the termination of the Octegra license agreement, unilaterally decided by Bayer on the basis of a contractual interpretation which the company deemed arbitrary.
Since the investment in the pipeline is closely related to existing and planned investments in production capacity for ethylene and propylene and for ethylene derivatives, the aid confers an advantage not only with respect to the transport, but also with respect to the production of ethylene and its derivatives.
A direct audiovisual connection from the court where the proceedings are being held to the remote facility where the witness is located is only made for the duration of Anne's testimony, and since the facilities are already in place at both locations the overall cost is kept to a minimum.
Given the long delays before several Member States publish quarterly estimates of their national accounts see the answer of 22 December to Written Question E-3426/00 (1) what proportion of EU and euroarea GDP is generally taken into account when Eurostat publishes its first estimates of GDP growth in a quarter?
As a result of the federal union, American citizens were able to experience notable economic development, and above all to avoid the conflicts and wars which continued to afflict the great European powers, and all those countries, such as those in South America, which having won independence failed to achieve political unity.
Charges paid by shippers where the bill of lading gives the option of delivery at two or more ports or container terminals, declaration of the required port or terminal having to be made a specified period before the vessel's due date of arrival at the first port or terminal in the list.
Developed from a special project for the Venaria Reale palace, this luminaire meets the requirement of optimising distribution of the light flow on roads and public spaces where moderate-speed vehicle traffic exists alongside pedestrians; situations found in squares, urban roads and parks, in car parks and in the service areas of shopping centres.
The economic contraction in Italy, which became apparent in the third quarter 2011, was accentuated at the start of the current year (GDP changed by -0.8% in the first quarter, compared to the previous quarter), partly as a result of the government‟s strict budget tightening initiatives, confirming the recession that had already manifested itself at the end of 2011.
