action
actor
ADHESION
advertisement
Agreement
aircraft
airfield
algorithm
allergy
ALLOY
alloy-end-fitting
Ambulance
ammunition
Amphibian
anarchy
ancestor
Angel
Animal
animation
Ant
apple
apricot
archaeology
armor
army
arson
artefact
Artificial
artillery
Asset
asthma
atom
attachment
aunt
Autocracy
automation
avocado
bacteria
Badminton
ballot
bamboo
banana
Bandage
Bandwidth
bank
banknote
barn
barricade
baseball
Basketball
battle
Bay
bayonet
Beach
Beans
Bear
Beat
Bed
beef
Beet
Bird
blockade
Blog
Blossom
blueberries
bomb
bonsai
Bookmark
bourgeoisie
Boxing
brakes
Branch
brass
Bread
breakfast
breeze
Brick
bricklayer
Bride
Bridesmaid
Bridge
brights
broadcast
Broccoli
brochure
bronze
brother
Browser
Buddhism
Bulldozer
bullet
bunker
burglary
bus
Butter
buy
Bye!
Cabbage
cactus
cannon
Canyon
car
Carrot
Cash
cashier
Cat
Catheter
Cauliflower
cavity
cell
century
chamomile
channel
Cheap
Cheese
Cheetah
cherry
Chicken
chilly
chivalry
Chord
Chorus
Christianity
chronicles
Church
cinema
civilization
clone
cloudless
cloudy
clutch
Coast
coffee
coil
coin
Collaboration
columnist
combine
comedy
commission
Communication
Composer
computer
Concert
Concrete
cone
conservative
consolidation
CONSTITUTION
consulate
Contract
convert
copper
core
corruption
cost
cough
coupon
Cow
Crane
crater
credentials
Credit
crime
criminal
Crocheting
Crocodile
crusade
Crutches
Cucumbers
cuneiform
currency
customer
cycle
Cycling
damp
Dancing
dandelion
Darkness
database
daughter
debate
Debt
declaration
defect
democracy
demonstration
denomination
dentist
Desert
Devil
dew
diabetes
diarrhea
dictator
Digital
disarmament
disease
dismantling
diving
dizziness
Doctor
documentary
Dodecahedron
Dog
dollar
Dolphin
Donkey
Download
downpour
drainage
drama
Dream
Drum
dry
Duck
Dusk
dynamite
dynasty
Eagle
east
economy
Editorial
Efficiency
Egg
ELECTION
electricity
Elephant
Ellipse
embassy
Embroidery
emulsion
Engagement
engine
engineering
equation
equipment
Equity
euro
evaporation
Evening
evolution
Expensive
experiment
explosion
farmer
farmhouse
father
feasibility
Fertilizer
feudalism
feudatory
fever
fiber
fiction
fighter
figs
firewall
Fish
flower
flowerpot
Flu
fluidity
flurry
Flute
Fly
foggy
football
Forest
forgery
Fractal
freezing
Frog
Fruit
Gardening
Garlic
gear
genetics
genre
Giraffe
Glassblowing
Go!
God
Golf
Goodbye
gooseberry
government
grandfather
grandmother
grapefruit
Grass
greenhouse
grenade
Groom
Guitar
Gymnastics
hail
hailstorm
ham
handball
handbrake
hand-grenade
hardness
Harmony
Harp
haze
headrest
healthy
Heaven
Hello!
helmet
heraldry
hexagon
Hi!
Hiking
Hill
Hinduism
Homepage
Honeymoon
Horse
Hospital
host
Hyperbola
Hyperlink
hypothesis
Icosahedron
infantry
innovation
innovative
Insect
insomnia
Instrument
interfaces
Internet
investigator
Investment
Islam
Island
jasmine
Joist
Journalism
journalist
Judaism
judge
juice
Jungle
juniper
jury
justice
Key
Knitting
Lake
landlord
lavender
law
law-abiding
lawyer
Leadership
leaf
leaflet
LED
Lettuce
liberal
Lion
Lizard
Logistics
Loss
lotus
Lullaby
lunch
Lyrics
magazine
magnet
maintenance
Mammal
Management
Market
Marketing
Marriage
Marsh
Meat
mechanism
medal
Meditation
Melody
metro
microscope
Midnight
migraine
Milk
mill
millennium
misdeed
missile
molecule
monarchy
money
Monk
Monkey
Moon
mortar
Mosque
mother
Mountain
Mouse
movie
murder
Music
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
Nanotechnology
nausea
Negotiation
Network
News
newsprint
Night
Nightfall
Nightmare
Nighttime
No
Non-agricultural
north
NOTARY
Note
novel
Nun
nurse
Oboe
Ocean
octagon
Olives
Onions
orchard
orchid
ore
pain
Painting
paper
Parabola
Parallelogram
parliament
Parrot
password
pasture
patriotic
Pay!
penalty
Peninsula
pesticides
Pet
petition
Pharmacy
Photography
Piano
Picotechnology
Pig
Pigeon
pipette
pistol
pitchfork
plane
Plant
plasma
player
Please
plow
poet
political
politician
Pope
Potato
Pottery
pouring
president
Press
price
Priest
procurator
Productivity
Profit
prohibited
Propaganda
Prophet
prose
prototype
publications
Puma
Pumpkins
punish
punishment
Quilting
Rabbit
race
radio
Radish
rape
rash
referee
refugee
Reptile
republic
Revenue
Rhythm
riding
rifle
riot
River
robot
rocket
Rooster
Root
rose
Running
Saint
salad
Sales
Salt
salty
Scaffolding
Scale
scarecrow
scoreboard
screenplay
Sculpting
scythe
Sea
Seed
sell
sensational
Sewing
shamrock
Shark
Sightseeing
silencer
sister
skiing
Sleep
Sling
slogan
Snake
Soccer
Soda
Soil
son
Soup
sour
south
Sparrow
specifications
Spider
Spinach
sport
stadium
Stars
steel
Stem
stock
street
strike
subtitles
subway
suffrage
Sugar
sunflower
superconductivity
supper
suspect
sweetness
Swimming
sword
Syringe
tabloid
Tambourine
tank
Taoism
Teamwork
Tempo
tenant
Tennis
Thermometer
thriller
ticket
Tiger
Toad
Tomatoes
Toolbar
tractor
train
transmission
Trapezoid
Tree
tribe
trolleybus
trunk
tulip
Turnip
Turtle
uncle
Upload
username
value
Vegetable
Verse
veto
Violin
Vodka
Volcano
Volleyball
vomiting
Vows
wallet
war
water
Waterfall
weapon
Website
Wedding
Weed
welding
west
Whale
WHAT!?
Wheelbarrow
Wheelchair
Whiskey
windshield
Woodworking
workbench
Wrestling
x-ray
Yes
Yoga
Zebra
Zucchinis
agricultural area
agricultural biostimulant
agricultural land
agricultural machinery
agricultural product
agricultural productivity
agricultural use
aircraft carrier
Aluminium alloy.
ammunition box
amplitude modulation
ancestor worship
antiballistic missile
Antique collecting
archaeological culture
archaeological monument
archaeological site
armored concrete
Artificial intelligence.
atomic weight
Attending festivals
Autograph collecting
Badminton rackets
beam bridge
Bell Peppers
Best Man
black pepper
blue flower
brake fluid
braking distance
brick wall
Bronze Age.
Brussels Sprouts
bulbous plant
burglary insurance
Butternut Squash
Cambrian Mountains
carnivorous plant
car seat
cash flow
cash receipt
Cast alloy
Cattle farming
Changing room
Classical Music
clay brick
climate zone
climbing plants
clinker brick
Coin collecting
concrete block
concrete layer
construction equipment
construction technology
construction work
Country Music
credit card
Crimean War
crime wave
criminal act
criminal offence
criminal procedure
currency code
currency symbol
dairy farming
death penalty
differential equation
distribution automation
district judge
Domestic animal
East Coast
election campaign
Electronic Music
Encrypted mail
English-language magazines
evergreen plant
exchange office
exchange rate
Excuse me.
farming sector
feature film
File transfer
flowering dogwood
flowering plants
flower pots
Folk Music
food industry.
four-cycle engine
Fourth Crusade
gas tank
general election
glove compartment
Good morning
Good night
hand grenade
hazard lights
health-related biotechnology
Heating pad
High-adhesion surface
hydraulic construction
Hyper-Threading Technology
Ice Hockey
Ice pack
ignition key
I harvest
indirect election
intangible assets
Internet radio
I plant
I Pray
I vote
I want
Jazz Music
Jesus Christ
Jewelry making
Jura Mountains
lab assistant
lab reports
legislative election
Livonian Chronicle
local media
Low-adhesion surface
low-level technology
lunar eclipse
Magnesium alloy
majority voting
Manufacturing industry
Marketable assets
media information
Medical gloves
mining industry
missile guidance
mountain climate
mountain forest
Mountain range
Music Festival
news agency
news feed
newspaper article
Night sky
oceanic climate
online shopping
organic agriculture
organised crime
Parasitic/Epiphytic/Climbing plants
parking brake
parliamentary vote
participial construction
passion flower
petite bourgeoisie
Petri dish
pick axe
pine tree
plow field
Pop Music
poultry farming
precision farming
preventive war
primitive religion
Public domain
Qin Dynasty
quadratic formula
radio listener
radio show
rearview mirror
regional election
religious sect
ritual/religious texts
rocket engine
Rock Music
roofing tile
Science lab
Sea animals
Search engine
Secure server
Secure website
Semi-subsistence farming
shopping basket
short film
single-crop farming
social media
solar technology
Stamp collecting
state religion
straight ahead
straw bale
Supply Chain
support mechanism
sustainable agriculture
sustainable farming
Sweet Potato
Table Tennis
tear-gas grenade
temperate climate
test tube
Thank you.
To Compose
To Sing
Touring vineyards
Turn left.
Turn right.
tv/radio features
Visiting museums
voting age
voting right
waning crescent
water lily
water tank
wave amplitude
Web page
weekly newspaper
windshield wipers
world war
adhesion utilisation curve
Adjusted brake pedal
alloy of platinum
All right, babe.
All textile products
are you religious
Artificial textile fibres
atomic mass unit
Bananas taste sweet
Braking adhesion management
cell adhesion molecule
Chemical formula: C40H56
Climate of Antarctica
construction of installations
cost of war
double-ballot voting system
Do you deliver?
Elections in Estonia
fight against crime
Fine, thank you.
forget me not
freedom of religion
free media pool
free range farming
general stock farming
glazed tile fireplace
Greek Orthodox Church
half past seven
Happy new year!
How are you?
I am pregnant
I don't understand
I feel nauseous
I hate mosquitos.
I have chills
I have diarrhea
I like bananas
I'm a vegetarian.
I need US-Dollars.
Insulated concrete panels
intercontinental ballistic missile
International Criminal Tribunal
Internet service provider
It eats crops.
It is cold.
It is raining.
It is windy.
Lemons taste sour
locally elected representative
man-made climate change
Material: aluminium alloy
military criminal law
My leg hurts
My throat hurts
Natural textile fibres
non-alloy free-cutting steel
Office automation services
order of chivalry
organisation of elections
Other textile weaving
Please come here!
plurality voting system
Quilted textile products
Riding a bike
road construction material
Roman Catholic Church
Roof coating compounds
Rubberised textile fabrics
Second Chechen War
See you soon
textile fibre means
The check, please.
The Recording Studio
Titanium alloy ingots
To do sports
To work out
Traction adhesion requirements
Tufted textile fabrics
utilization of adhesion
Visiting historical sites
War of 1812
Web page address
We cultivate rice.
what the hell
Aircraft landing wheel brakes
a quarter past five
Bulldozer or angledozer blades
Butterflies are very beautiful.
Can you tell me
counting of the votes
Doctor of the Church
Don't worry about us!
Do you like animals?
Do you speak English?
Elephants are very big.
Engine coolant temperature (°C)
equation in two unknowns
Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church
fax: (+352) 4303 4453
Five Pillars of Islam
Going to the gym
go on a crusade
Have you already eaten?
How much is this?
How was the music?
How were the actors?
I am a student.
I can't afford it
I don't like cucumber
I have a cold
I have a fever
I have a headache
I have a migraine
I have an allergy
I have a rash
I have to go.
I'm interested in sports.
I'm reading a book
I need a taxi.
International sister educational institutions.
I often have headaches.
I should've been convicted.
It'll take a second.
It's already ten o'clock!
I want to go.
Learning languages is interesting.
Lift dump, speed brakes;
Martha is a secretary.
May I have some…?
Monohydrate: Na3HP2O7 · H2O
My hobby is cooking.
My hobby is painting.
phases of the moon
pluralism in the media
Polarity of pulse amplitude
quarter of a century
Sad face emoji 😔.
Smiley face emoticon ☺.
That is the teacher.
That was a panda.
The cut is infected
The family is big.
The film was interesting.
The giraffes are there.
The summer is warm.
This fruit is delicious
To Play An Instrument
Trellis for climbing plants
turn of the century
Tõnu reads a newspaper.
We are a family.
Welcome to our home.
We'll go next week.
Were there English subtitles?
What does Martha do?
Where are the bears?
Where are the elephants?
You are fabulous!!!! ^_^
You broke a bone
You've stalled the engine.
A lie has short legs
Are you afraid of spiders?
Are you open on Saturday?
Are you open on Sunday?
Are you taking any medication?
body and blood of Christ
Can one rent a surfboard?
Can you change the tyre?
Can you get it repaired?
Commander 702nd Light Infantry Battalion
Could I collect it earlier?
Cows are black and white.
Do I need a prescription?
Do you come from Europe?
Do you have a dog?
Do you have a fever?
Do you have any pain?
Do you have any pets?
Do you take credit cards?
Firearms, ammunition and projectiles, explosives
Frogs and crocodiles are green.
He studies at the university.
I always have back pain.
I am setting the table.
I do not earn much.
I have a doctor's appointment.
I have a flat tyre.
I have a stomach ache
I have lost my glasses
I like this love song.
I'm not good at sports.
I'm so sad and lonely:(
I sometimes have stomach aches.
I've lost my religious faith.
I want a dish containing…
I want to change money.
Judaism does frown upon homosexuality.
Land and Buildings under construction
launch a holy war on
My clothes are getting old.
My hobby is watching movies.
Natural stone slabs and tiles
Now there is a penalty.
Plastic building and construction materials
Services of radio program production
She works at an office.
Song lyrics, mixed with equations!
Take two pills a day
That's apparently not a crime.
The color is very nice.
The family is not small.
The film is brand new.
The film was not boring.
The name Islam means peace.
The ostrich can run 70km/h.
The referee is from Belgium.
There is no warm water.
The sun shines in summer.
The wallpaper had rolled away.
Those are the school children.
Tom slammed on his brakes.
We need fish and steaks.
We need pizza and spaghetti.
We're an equal opportunity employer.
What happened to maid-employer confidentiality?
What is your favourite animal?
When will the doctor come?
Where can I buy tickets?
Where there's smoke, there's fire
Wholesale of weapons and ammunition
Yes, I have a fever
Yes, I need some exercise.
Your blood pressure is okay.
adoption of a law by vote
A good film is playing today.
But the band plays very well.
Calypso - Trinidad's Unique Folk Music.
Certain people escaped from religious discrimination.
CO-2 buildup creates a greenhouse effect.
Cold-profiled (ribbed) sheets, of non-alloy steel
Color white looks nice on you!
Confederated Global Investments is my employer.
Cows and beef cattle up there.
Cryptocurrency designed for anonymous money transfers.
Don't you even want to come?
Do you drink coffee with sugar?
Do you drink tea with lemon?
Do you like to play football?
Do you see the mountain there?
Election of the Chairs and Vice-Chairs
Firearms; ammunition and projectiles; explosives; fireworks.
Foods incorporating nanotechnology should be labeled.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He financed the mayor's election campaign.
He is not guilty of murder.
He stopped playing baseball last season.
How much are the admission tickets?
How much money can one withdraw?
I am currently reading this book.
I am doing an internship abroad.
I am looking for a job.
I don't go in for sports.
I get lost here more easily.
I have a turtle at home.
I need medicine for the pain
I need to see a doctor
I promised to go home soon.
Is the doctor in the office?
It snows or rains in winter.
It's probably some type of artefact.
I was at the cinema yesterday.
I will give you an injection.
I will give you some pills.
I would like the menu, please.
I would like to water ski.
Leida has been expecting a visitor.
Lie down on the examining table.
Many know of his equation E=mc2.
Mathematical problem solving and algorithm development
May I have a bottle of…?
May I have a cup of?
May I have a glass of?
My employer has a strict protocol.
My favourite animal is the rabbit.
My little sister has a horse.
Nanotechnology is a highly interdisciplinary science.
No, I prefer to play volleyball.
Ray was convicted of felony assault.
The climate of Japan is mild.
The climate type is Mediterranean climate.
There are many different cryptocurrency exchanges.
The work will teach the worker
They like to listen to music.
This era is called the Anthropocene.
This is about nanobot plastic surgery.
• Trigonometric functions sin cos 30°,...
Tõnu is the young woman's friend.
Use of arms, ammunition and equipment
Value of adhesion for 100% slip
We grow a variety of crops.
We will soon receive our pension.
What can I do for you?
What is the weather like today?
Where is the next gas station?
Which credit cards can one use?
Yes, I like to play football.
You are now a religious icon.
And you can see the new wallpaper.
And you don't know where she is?
Are there any poisonous snakes in Estonia?
Artificial Intelligence can help to Personalize Teaching
Artificial Intelligence killed him and my mother.
Can I please have the red shirt?
Cold drawn wire of other alloy steel
Could you please give me small notes?
Couplings for trailer brakes (electrical and pneumatic)
Difference between Fixed Budget and Flexible Budget
Do you have this in my size?
Do you like to go to concerts?
Do you want to go somewhere today?
Educational inequalities continue despite the increased spending.
Erupting volcano prompts new evacuations in Chile.
Forest-environmental and climate services and forest conservation
"Have you seen the ballet "Swan Lake?
Hawaii's Kilauea volcano not actually raining gemstones
He had confessed 64 cases of burglary!
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
"¡Hola!" - That means hello in Spanish.
How do I get to the airport?
How do I get to the station?
I command the First Independent Anti-Tank Battalion.
I do not have high blood pressure
I have a dog and two cats.
I have had a fever since yesterday
In September, a blockbuster Qismat was released.
Insomnia, irritability, tachycardia and headaches may occur.
Irish coast (6 to 12 nautical miles)
Is Artificial Intelligence Going to Save Healthcare?
I would like to rent a car.
I would still focus on nanotechnology applications.
Kristo is Estonian TV and radio journalist.
Longisquama is a genus of extinct reptile.
Major dismantling operations must be performed indoors.
Modern agriculture is different from traditional agriculture.
News agency services to newspapers and periodicals
No, I don't like to play football.
Non Alloy and Other Alloy Wire Rod
Outside assistance for information and innovation technologies
Sentenced without trial to torture without end.
Some multinational corporations pay almost no taxes.
The child likes cocoa and apple juice.
The crops were damaged by the flood.
The dolphins are very friendly and smart.
The influence of Islam is evident everywhere.
The missile isn't carrying a nuclear payload.
The morning is wiser than the evening
The presidential election isn't a beauty contest.
There are many seagulls by the sea.
The rooster wakes me up every morning.
The troubadours called it the False Crusade.
The woman likes orange and grapefruit juice.
Through genetic modification, we can improve crops.
Turn up the radio a little bit.
We want to go to the cinema.
What do you want to cook today?
Where are the tigers and the crocodiles?
1. Everyone has the right to a nationality.
Accelerator pedal on the left of brake pedal
A good metaphor is the abstraction of transportation.
An old bear will not learn to dance
Are you cooking the soup in this pot?
Are you frying the fish in this pan?
Are you grilling the vegetables on this grill?
A shrub rose is named after Martin Frobisher.
Both agricultural and non-agricultural land shall be eligible.
Canadian biathlon team to boycott competitions in Russia
Cancer is not gonna kill any of us.
Cardiovascular stimuli are carried by the vagus nerve.
CONSULTATION OF INTERESTED PARTIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENT |
Cultivated crops might be a problem near mines.
Current and past budget process and budget documents.
Family reserve sections are where crops are cultivated.
From the sine and cosine formulae, we get.
He is well involved in Islamic religious institutions.
He spent his whole life playing sports outside.
How do I get to the city centre?
How do you become friends with an Estonian?
How many crops does she have in rotation?
How much does it cost to get to?
Hume did not consider himself a pure Tory.
I am a member of a sports club.
I am really lucky to have you, Rose
I can't remember the tune of that song.
I could hit anything with a hockey puck.
I have already been unemployed for a year.
I haven't found any evidence to suggest arson.
I'm running a campaign against a conservative Republican.
Islam is, according to me, a violent religion.
Is this spaghetti sauce spicy enough for you?
It says: biotechnology, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, and telecommunications.
I want to deposit money in my account.
I want to pick up the bank statements.
I want to withdraw money from my account.
Julius Caesar, this great Roman hero, was assassinated.
k - value determined on the high-adhesion surface
Layla placed many religious restrictions on her children.
Like his children's educational funds, the funeral, etc...
Maximum value of the curve adhesion versus slip
Method of selection of the low adhesion surface
Mortgage approvals for March are also coming out.
Mr McLove is not an equal opportunities employer.
North Korean leader orders nuclear arsenal on standby
Nothing will come of that little newspaper article.
Partitioning on the side of the brake pedal
Pierre kills Napoleon or Napoleon defeats General Kutusov.
Predominantly concrete or masonry bridges with any trackform
Red foxes (vulpes vulpes), raccoon dogs (Nyctereutes procyonoides
Reinforcing elements of composite fibre materials for concrete
Religious education is prohibited at a public school.
Renting out of advertising spaces, trading news agency
Sami's defense attorney claimed that Layla acted alone.
She was instrumental in the president's election campaign.
"Should I say "Climate Change" or "Global Warming?
Shrubs plants climbing, resistant to diseases and pests.
Some enjoy historic games like chess or backgammon.
Textile products containing non-textile parts of animal origin
That hand grenade analogy was not chosen casually.
The boy is sucking on an orange-flavored caramel.
The course included writing literary analyses and essays.
The fastest animal on land is the cheetah.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
The latter three options require the employer's approval.
The linear homogeneous differential equation with constant coefficients.
The radio said Moscow negotiations are going well.
There were some changes in the CDC budget.
The saltwater crocodile is the largest living reptile.
These events must analyzed in their historical context.
These structures can be decorated with climbing plants.
They were zealous Puritans, running from religious persecution.
This practice is most common with blockbuster movies.
This was incentive for the Twitter campaign #FreeTheNipple.
Unwrought nickel alloy (excluding nickel powders and flakes
Weekly publications (printed matter) for the mass media
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
We would learn English if it were possible.
Which dynasty replaced Stuarts in 1702 and why?
You can expect well-coordinated and violent criminal activity.
(18) Insertion of the particular airframe or engine combination.
A brother and sister allege their employer mistreated them.
- aggravated burglary and robbery and receiving stolen goods,
Al-Sahja was the rhythmical form of the usual Suha.
Ammunition for weapons specified by ML1, ML2 or ML12;
And I would like to play hockey one day!
A small percentage of cases go unrecognized into adulthood.
Ballistic missile sites on Earth are shielded for EMP.
Baptism memorializes the death, burial and resurrection of Jesus.
Because it pays to be prepared, my baby, mmm?
Berbers converted to Islam and abandoned their previous religions.
But an election is held; a good man wins.
But such variations within species are irrelevant to evolution.
Can we just eat our hotdogs and chill out?
Climate change is the biggest threat that we face.
Clubpoints cannot be exchanged for cash or cash equivalents.
Devices for measuring thyroid disease for medical diagnostic use
Dr. S, it is time to take your medicine.
Engineering and consultancy (expertise) relating to construction and energy-saving
Europe needs more Industry and Industry needs more EuropeCommerce
Floorboards and floor tiles of wood, fences of wood
Fuel consumption WHSC test in diesel mode (x2):... g/kWh';
He fasted with us during the month of Ramadan.
Here are the glasses, the plates and the napkins.
Here are the knives, the forks and the spoons.
Hinduism is the third largest religion in the world.
Historians have differing and complex interpretations of the war.
I am eating a sandwich with margarine and tomatoes.
I am giving you a prescription for the pharmacy.
I didn't know that Tom was a religious fanatic.
I don't think Tom knows anything about folk music.
If you don't plant the seeds, they won't grow.
I'm leading that hockey playing kid by ten percent.
Infectious disease would be defeated; conquest would follow conquest.
It is calculated based on the fiscal years remaining.
I would like to buy a new television set.
Make fun of the man, not of his hat
Many of the inhabitants of this region are farmers.
Martial arts are also popular combat sports in Lebanon.
My hobbies are traveling, taking pictures, and playing games.
My sister sang an English song at the party.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
NASA's budget is approximately 0.5% of the Federal Budget.
Now we're here talking about a long-term historical perspective.
OK, linguine and seafood in a light pesto sauce.
Our Sovereign, Paul IV, is a very moralistic man....strict.
Overall, criminal penalties were rated as effective more often.
Passivation is primarily determined by metallurgical and environmental factors.
Portugal will always be dominated by farms and farmers.
Powder-actuated fastener for the fixing of ETICS in concrete
Sami found out that Layla had converted to Islam.
Sami grew up in a very religious Muslim family.
Sami talked about the rights of women in Islam.
Sami was sentenced to death in the electric death.
Sami was sentenced to six years for organized crime.
She was at the university until late at night.
She wore a black turtleneck sweater without any sleeves.
Silicone traffic and weather topping, silicone rubber roof coating
Simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Song lyrics are often misheard, even by native speakers.
Speaking of technologies, which technologies are we talking about?
Tangible and intangible assets: assets subject to operating lease
Taro is one of the most ancient cultivated crops.
That wily gray fox has outmaneuvered our command again.
The cone does not fall far from the tree
The Court has sole jurisdiction to judge such disputes.
The farmers use water buffalos to plow rice fields.
The good Samaritan, after Delacroix by Van Gogh, 1890.
Their crops have been overrun by disease for decades.
The Japanese Type 10 tank uses hydraulic mechanical transmission.
The laundry is the third building from the corner.
The origin of the Sanskrit word drāviḍa is Tamil.
There are too many unemployed people in this country.
The religion was new - but it was dynamic.
The result: continued monetary inflation, followed by price inflation.
The Sanskrit word गौर gaura means white, yellowish, reddish.
The walrus is a mammal in the order Carnivora.
The water irrigated the crops and kept Cahuachi alive.
They tried nanobot probes to paralyze our neuron systems.
This shrub grows in forests, woodlands, and oak scrub.
Tulok, you know why our ancestors built the inuksuk?
VozTech is the biggest weapons supplier to our military!
Warren Williams was a reporter for the school newspaper.
We need an attorney with experience in unconventional means.
When q = 1, the above equation is undefined.
Would you like some vegetable sauce with your couscous?
6) concerning the armaments and ammunition owned by the unit:
A man by his word, an ox by his horn
ami has a constitutional right not to take the stand.
A plant in early spring before flowering on Mount Ontake.
As the need for record-keeping increased, cuneiform writing was developed.
Constantine the Great is discussed controversively in modern historical research.
Cuneiform writing is the remote ancestor of the Western alphabet.
Dark brown, shiny with oil, deep caramel undertones, acidity diminished.
Design services for others in the field of artificial intelligence
Desmond Noonan was a lifelong Irish Republican socialist and anti-fascist.
Do you cook on an electric or a gas stove?
Ensuring the safe and sustainable development and application of nanotechnologies
February 16 Biathlon- Men's 15 km and Women's 12.5 km
Floor and wall tiles made of ceramic, porcelain and marble
For example, check your balance, deposit cash or withdraw cash.
Furthermore, the typical Mediterranean climate disappears above a certain altitude.
Glen was arrested for breaking and entering, burglary, and vandalism.
Green leaves in a park are pleasing to the eye.
Growing of crops combined with farming of animals (mixed farming
Guidelines on cardiovascular genetics are published by multiple professional societies.
He began to work to get Congress to reduce taxes.
I am glad that there are no sharks in Estonia.
It won't be long before he can play baseball again.
I won't be here tomorrow, I have the day off.
Knives and cutting blades, for machines or for mechanical appliances
Looks like at least two droid battalions protecting a monastery.
Many pundits marvelled at how presidential the president had become.
Many species of insects are on the verge of extinction.
Meningitis is the most common neurological presentation in early syphilis.
Movie was a blockbuster and got rave reviews for performances.
n 1852, Šajkaš battalion was transformed into Titel infantry battalion.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Previous: The tannery industry is not a highly polluting industry
Primary growth is the elongation of the stems and roots.
Question 19 (Ivo Belet): Sale of iPad subscriptions by Apple.
Risk related to epilepsy and antiepileptic medicinal products in general
Robot hotel in japan fires half of its robot staff
Sami didn't know that chlamydia was a sexually transmitted disease.
Seeds can be scarified or briefly boiled to enhance germination.
Silvi (17) has been playing badminton for about six years.
So the trick is to create just the first nanobot.
So, what can cause bloody diarrhea, ataxia and kidney failure?
Textile spinning machines for producing textile yarns (including tow-to-yarn machines
The climate of Japan is not like that of England.
The eigenvalues α1,..., αm are roots of the characteristic equation.
The Shahab-3 is Iran's long-range ballistic missile currently in service.
The term flagship is linked to the metaphor of representation.
This is required by law and needs some formal certification.
This is the best farmers market in Boston by far.
Three bank accounts: My money, your money and our money.
Tom is not religious, nor does he believe in God.
Tom owes the government a lot of money in taxes.
Vehicles with compression-ignition internal combustion piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel)
We could work the land, grow crops and raise cattle.
We waved flags to welcome members of our baseball team.
What we want is a component from the triggering mechanism.
When Napoleon invaded Russia in 1812, the Moscovites were evacuated.
You haven't lived until you've tried caramel mousse and chocolate.
You would travel to Estonia if you had the money.
2. No one may be compelled to belong to an association.
About 88% of amphibian species are classified in the order Anura.
Actuators are used in applications where potentially explosive atmospheres may occur.
Adopting a Mediterranean diet can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
A feature story is a piece of non-fiction writing about news.
AI is English for Artificial Intelligence; what stands for artificial intelligence.
All we've got is one carbon-dating analysis on a missing artefact.
Also included is commercial research related to electronics, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology.
Also, some prominent cultivated crops are corn, colza, sunflowers and grain.
Another possibility lies in finding an antimatter meteorite in outer space.
Arable land is land that can be used to grow crops.
Arson didn't find a single trace of fire near the area.
As a radio journalist Max Kuball, 30, needs a good ear.
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
Badminton, squash and similar rackets (including short-tennis rackets) (excluding lawn-tennis rackets
But the book on which the film was based was better.
c) Anti-slip provision on brake pedal missing, loose or worn smooth.
Cash management includes the investment of excess cash in cash equivalents.
Christ's perfect love overcomes temptations to harm, coerce, bully, or oppress.
Climbing a mountain is rather like travelling towards the polar regions.
Dynamic simulation of heat treatment processes in industrial furnaces, for example.
Flowering plants generate gametes using a specialized cell division called meiosis.
He was a conservative, not only in politics but in everything.
High school baseball teams competed with one another at the tournament.
How has it come to have such an impact on Judaism?
I am a chess player, but not a great chess player.
Ian Knox was convicted too many times to count on robbery.
If you question my campaign finances, tell the federal elections commission.
I know every bee, plant and flower bud in this park.
I started off as a clerk with a newspaper in Sarasota.
It affects the rate of deforestation and accelerates the climate crisis.
Its trade deficit and its fiscal deficit are at nightmare proportions.
I want to go to the library to borrow a book.
Jefferson and Varina had six children; three died before reaching adulthood.
Judaism had never defined a formal creed, or declaration of beliefs.
Many patents describe non-explosive demolition agents containing CaO, SiO2 and/or cement.
Mass-media channels often promise unbiased reporting yet do not follow through.
Maybe an emoji of a lamb 🐑 to show counting sheep.
m beginning to feel like King Richard going to the Crusades.
Mobile concrete mixer for the production of concrete on building sites
- mountain and hill areas and less-favoured areas (2) and islands
Non-agricultural as well as agricultural work for other holdings is included.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
On the constitutional issues, I have to side with mr. Levin.
Opponents say genetically engineered crops can cross-pollinate and damage other crops.
Our 12-year-old son was diagnosed with bipolar disorder three years ago.
Our house has scaffolding around it this week, due to renovations.
Perhaps we should offer him all three at an archery tournament.
Pharmaceuticals and medicinal preparation for treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
President Obama is not yet able to keep his election promise.
Purpose: short-term systemic corticosteroid therapy including shock, anti-inflammatory and anti-allergy therapy.
Safflower, Carthamus tinctorius, is a highly branched, herbaceous, thistle-like annual plant.
Sedum is a genus that includes annual, biennial, and perennial herbs.
Should a Muslim woman be beaten if she doesn't cover up?
Sometimes it does my heart good to have a chocolate mousse.
So, sustainable agriculture and rural development is not just about agriculture.
That appears on a cuneiform tablet at the Iraqi National Museum.
The bison is now the national mammal of the United States.
The Chocolate Habanero can double the heat of an orange habanero.
The climate of Japan is as warm as that of China.
The industrial bourgeoisie felt that Napoleon would suppress further revolutionary activity.
The judge sentenced him to a jail term of five years.
The largest land mammal extant today is the African bush elephant.
"The literal translation for the Spanish word "chupacabra" is "goat sucker.
The Queen appoints a governor, but she's still de facto sovereign.
There were other economists that did warn of a pending crisis.
The timing of puberty can have important psychological and social consequences.
The wallpaper will be removed and the walls will be plastered.
The World Badminton Championships are held annually, except for Olympic years.
The World Health Organization was evidently misquoted by this newspaper article.
This section provides an overview of publicly funded initiatives in nanotechnology.
Tom pleaded guilty to misdemeanor drunken driving charges in New York.
Type I Portland cement is known as common or general-purpose cement.
Vehicles with non-conventional suspension, where the engine has to be running
We interrupt this program to bring you this breaking news bulletin
We'll go to 2nd battalion to get to know the situation.
We would probably then move for a postponement of the vote.
What's the most disgusting thing a Liberal-Tory coalition has ever done?
When the blazing sun is gone, when he nothing shines upon...
1777 - American Revolutionary War, Chickamauga Wars, Second Cherokee War, Pennamite-Yankee War
2 The roots of Judaism go back some 4,000 years to Abraham.
(9) Artificial intelligence and machine-learning, robotics, nanotechnology, 3D-printing, and genetics and biotechnology.
agricultural holdings with a utilised agricultural area of 1 ha or more
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
Another major employer is the health sector, which employs over 18,000 people.
Aquaculture is farming in water, just as agriculture is farming on land.
Augustus was one of seven children, four of whom survived to adulthood.
Bankruptcy commences on the making of a Bankruptcy Order by the Court.
Both these technologies have significant differences and are made of different technologies.
Bread made from a simple recipe forms the backbone of Egyptian cuisine.
Brick clay had to be dug and straw ferried to the brickyard.
Combat vehicle, amphibious vehicle and tank (weapons) simulators for military training purposes
Currency chaos is back, highlighting demands for a revised international monetary order.
Defense against missile battery, droid, everything we need to maintain our independence.
Easter bunnies are an oviparous species in the mammal family of Leporidae.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
Examples can be found in robotics, 3D computer animations, and lifelike dolls.
Finally, the matrix equation is transformed by means of a unitary matrix.
Fish or marine mammal solubles, of a kind used in animal feeding
Grasshopper pie is a no-bake mousse pie with a chocolate crumb crust.
he modified Horwitz equation applies to concentrations C < 1,2 × 10-7.
Here is a recipe of banana caramel that can replace Nutella advantageously.
In 2015, Bitcoin nominal inflation was 9.3% & real inflation was 10.1%
In breaking news, Pakistan has attacked and sunk an American nuclear submarine...
In Tibetan Buddhism, there is a mind training practice known as Lojong.
Irritator shared with crocodilians a stiff secondary palate and reduced antorbital fenestrae.
It certainly is nice that you're here to meet me in Tartu.
Its artificial intelligence enables it to solve any problem it's confronted with.
Just as animal agriculture affects climate change, climate change affects animal agriculture.
Light pollution prevents a third of humanity from seeing the Milky Way.
modernisation of agricultural sector including farming practices and diversification of agricultural production.
Mortgage loans are generally not available for investments in land or buildings.
Much of the air pollution in urban areas is caused by automobiles.
Older people may produce less melatonin, leading to the development of insomnia
Once in Egypt, I had to scrape out shrapnel with a bayonet.
Opponents of Roe assert that the decision lacks a valid constitutional foundation.
Our Sun's energy drives our planet's ocean currents, seasons, weather and climate.
Protective layer containing nano particles for concrete structures and structures of metal
Providing information, news, and assistance in the field of domain name disputes
Road construction, other infrastructure development, and illegal collecting can impact fossil-bearing units.
Six types of flower are generally distinguished in cultivars of herbaceous peonies.
Solve this cubic equation: x³ 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
Sorbus vexans is a small tree or shrub, often with multiple stems.
Suspension brackets, tubes and hooks for fastening tiles onto the ceiling grid
The ₹50 banknote in the Lion capital series was the highest denomination.
The allegory is a more general narrative type; it also employs metaphor.
The chemical industry had around 14000 employees and the aluminium industry 6000.
The communist-dominated CGT called them 'pseudo-revolutionaries in the service of the bourgeoisie'.
The concept of jiva in Jainism is similar to atman in Hinduism.
The Council prepares or sponsors research papers and surveys on employer-sponsored benefits.
The district attorney has lodged a complaint against you for witness tampering.
The Earl's been away a few years, practicing his chivalry in France.
The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international soccer tournament.
The farmer gambles against the weather and the market on his crops.
The Germans had taken over all newspapers and filled them with propaganda.
The largest canyon in Africa is the Fish River Canyon in Namibia.
The next generation of nanosatellite payloads will advance the frontiers of science.
The park has 105 mammal species which includes 16 species of primates.
The radio program ran for over a year and generated much interest.
This appliance contains a refrigerant fluid with a GWP equal to [xxx].
This rule would be replaced by the implementation of the smoothing mechanism
Tom and Mary competed together in the three-legged race on sports day.
Tom was sentenced to life in a prison for the criminally insane.
Toto Cutugno said in his song: I'm an Italian, a true one.
Van Gogh had first experimented with lithography in The Hague in 1882.
Van Gogh said he wanted to depict peasants as they really were.
We understand that you're involved in the research into nanobot facial reconstruction.
What is it like to be afflicted with depression or bipolar disorder?
What you're looking at is a medical tool used to treat syphilis.
When you put it down, you broke the beam behind the stall.
When you take the shahada, you need to have two Muslim witnesses.
William and Carole Py of Northeast Philadelphia raised four daughters to adulthood.
With the exceptions of the polar regions, salty ocean water rarely freezes.
You see, even the mightiest Samurai cannot stand up to our howitzer
1996 Weekly radio program "Answers to Your Bible Questions" presented on FM radio.
A ballistic face mask, is designed to protect the wearer from ballistic threats.
Advanced boilers and furnaces can operate at higher temperatures while burning less fuel.
Agricultural water balances are also used in the salt balances of irrigated lands.
Agriculture can be divided into two categories, which are conventional and sustainable agriculture.
All-electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid vehicles are sold under the BMW i sub-brand.
And gained control of a dig and a historical artefact that's very desirable.
And you said you used a secret sauce, but it was just worcestershire.
As of 2007, the estimated area of irrigated land was of 233.5 km2.
Because at least I'm not wearing a rayon sweater set on my face.
Before a match, the two teams' captains toss a coin with the referee.
Both families agreed on a church wedding this June because it's more convenient.
Brake line pressure to brake pedal force, where permitted by paragraph 8.2.5; or
"But the next morning he called back and said: "I've found your property.
By neglecting monetary and financial stability, governments brought severe economic problems upon themselves.
By the 18th century, it became a centre for the Atlantic slave trade.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded.
Coriaria myrtifolia, called in English redoul, is a shrub to 2-3 m tall.
Design and development of computer hardware, In particular of systems with artificial intelligence
During the first millennium B.C.E., cuneiform existed side by side with alphabetic writing.
Election of the Vice-Presidents of the European Parliament (first ballot) (announcement of nominations)
Electrometallurgy involves metallurgical processes that take place in some form of electrolytic cell.
Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.
Examples of technology risks are hostile artificial intelligence and destructive biotechnology or nanotechnology.
Figures of speech are tools well employed by writers in any literary genre.
Founded by Maharaja Sri-Gupta, the dynasty was the model of a classical civilization.
General principles concerning the development of robotics and artificial intelligence for civil use
"Goethe's poem "Mignon" is widely read in Japan in Mori Ogai's excellent translation."
He recently sent me a touching poem he wrote after his mother's death.
he smelting process used is different from the modern mass production of steel.
Historians have never identified the original statement referred by Völckers, Ibárruri and others.
I consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world.
If you add sauce to curry rice, the taste will be more dense.
In 1926-1927, he was a director of the Lithuanian official news agency, ELTA.
In 1980, Kérékou converted to Islam and changed his first name to Ahmed.
Increased greenhouse gases from human activities result in climate change and ocean acidification.
Installation, repair and maintenance of carpets, carpet tiles, underlays and insulating floor coverings
It improves film toughness, increases coating application rates and promotes better film adhesion.
Its educational centres must have computer laboratories; moreover, they must have internet service.
I was about to receive the body and blood of Christ our savior!
Madison Square Garden has been the centre of boxing, hockey and basketball events.
Modern analyzers are capable of resolving the electron emission angles by nearly 0.1°.
Most people think the Grand Canyon is the deepest canyon in the US.
Napoleon's first wife, Joséphine, Empress of the French, painted by François Gérard, 1801.
Narcolepsy is often mistaken for depression, epilepsy, or the side effects of medications.
Non-refractory ceramic building bricks, flooring blocks, support or filler tiles and the like
Olives are one of the most extensively cultivated fruit crops in the world.
On each tray was a partridge with chipped potatoes, spinach and bread sauce.
OTHER ALLOY STEEL; HOLLOW DRILL BARS AND RODS, OF ALLOY OR NON-ALLOY STEEL
Other endocrine and metabolic disease (thyroid, adrenal including Addison's disease, pituitary, ovaries, testes)
Paul did not dwell on the wrong course he had pursued in Judaism.
People living in Mesopotamia, such as the Sumerians and the Babylonians, used cuneiform.
Plants with roots, planted or intended for planting, grown in the open air
Protection of the driver against the steering mechanism in the event of impact
Psoriasis has been associated with obesity and several other cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances.
Rajinikanth is a follower of Hinduism, spiritualism, and a strong believer of spirituality.
Seventy percent of mayors say they are harassed or abused via social media.
Star-forming regions are a class of emission nebula associated with giant molecular clouds.
Technologies, communication networks, media, content, services and devices will increasingly undergo digital convergence.
Textile fibres ≤ 5 mm in length (flock), textile dust and mill neps
That's like kobe and lebron signing up for a two-on-two rec-league basketball tournament.
The 15th-century Renaissance brought about a renewed interest in ancient and classical learning.
The 2012 year brought a new 8-speed automatic transmission to the V-6 model.
The annals of sports are replete with the names of great black athletes.
The cable requirements depend on the transmission speed and the employed encoding method.
The Caterpillar 930G is a hydraulic front end loader manufactured by Caterpillar Inc.
The combination of sea, hills and mountains makes for a specific Mediterranean climate.
The first world championships in biathlon were held in 1958 at Saalfelden, Austria.
The grave in East-Karelia where we found him dates to the Bronze Age.
Their teachings reduced religion to the observance of rules and encouraged spiritual pride.
The longer you let the tomato sauce simmer, the tastier it will be.
The main types of ammunition: armor-piercing and concrete-piercing shells, high-explosive steel howitzer grenade.
Therefore, the mass media are necessary instruments for achieving and maintaining mass societies.
The war was essentially lost, and the German military machine was falling apart.
The whitetopping process uses Portland cement concrete to resurface a distressed asphalt road.
Toyota has positioned hybrid technologies as core environmental technologies for the 21st century.
Viburnum setigerum is a shrub with opposite, simple leaves, and flexible, arching stems.
We had report of an incident involving US military at the Syrian border.
When you assault them, they become victims, which is exactly what they want.
12 These two Gospel accounts give us precious insight into "the mind of Christ".
6) position requiring the rank of Lieutenant Colonel - the position of battalion commander;
9GAG has a mobile application on iOS, Android, Windows Phone 8, and BlackBerry 10.
A BPD diagnosis in adolescence might predict that the disorder will continue into adulthood.
According to scholars, the influence of Mahayana Buddhism on Advaita Vedanta has been significant.
A common misconception is that a collaborative robot is by definition a safe robot.
"a.Lasers" of sufficient power to effect destruction similar to the manner of conventional ammunition;
Al-Khwārizmī's Zīj al-Sindhind also contained tables for the trigonometric functions of sines and cosine.
All life on Earth is made from the same mixture of the same atoms.
Although trilobites possessed the first sophisticated optical system on earth, some species were blind.
And in this corner, the most powerful marine reptile, the Prognathodon, a 40-foot Mosasaur.
Andrew III died in January 1301 and brought the Árpád dynasty to an end.
An elephant can collect and chew about 130 kilos of vegetation in a day.
Archaeologists have unearthed cuneiform texts that discuss people and events mentioned in the Scriptures.
Aries aren't born artistic but Van Gogh was a bit unique in that way.
Artisan shops with the furnaces for baking bricks were discovered, so as the thermae.
As a metaphor, the tragedy of the commons should not be taken too literally.
As of 2012, the new ₹ sign has been incorporated into banknote of ₹20.
Assembly, dismantling, maintenance, repair and rental of concrete shuttering, shuttering elements and components therefor
A wheeled front loader tractor equipped with a large bucket elevated by hydraulic rams.
Because my son Jack flunked algebra, so we had to do an educational evaluation.
Binary Options Robot might just be the best automated trading robot in the industry.
Biodynamic farming, or biodynamic agriculture, is similar to organic farming with a few differences.
Building materials for coating and marking roadways and industrial traffic routes and roof surfaces
Canadian whisky regulations allow the addition of flavoring agents as well as caramel coloring.
Certain effects like irritations, allergies and skin cancers need to be taken into account.
Credit financing will apply a monetary unit of constant value to ensure cost recovery.
Crocodilians are large, low-slung aquatic reptiles with long snouts and large numbers of teeth.
d) ammunition with penetrating, explosive or incendiary projectiles and the projectiles for such ammunition
Earlier this month the International Biathlon Union charged four Russian athletes with anti-doping offences.
Emperor Napoleon III used the Palace on occasion as a stage for grand ceremonies.
Entertainment, other than in the field of audiovisual, cinematographic and digital (new media) production
Entertainment reporters said the organisation of the Romanian Eurovision song contest has improved greatly.
Euphony is the effect of sounds being perceived as pleasant, rhythmical, lyrical, or harmonious.
Every listener of the English course is provided with the unique educational complete set.
Fasting during the month of Ramadan is one of the Five Pillars of Islam.
For all supported x 64-based versions of Windows Server 2008 and of Windows Vista
Giant armadillo with the plains of Los Llanos in the background, Venezuelan bolívar banknote.
Having these STD pamphlets strewn here on the coffee table sure is an inhibitor.
He received a prize in December 2010 for his role in the post-election repression.
If a man is found guilty of murder, he must be sentenced to death.
If not from first-century Christianity, from where did the use of religious icons originate?
If the climate is harsh and severe, the people are also harsh and severe.
If φ is a scalar valued function and F is a vector field, then.
Imagine you are a reporter assigned to cover the events found in Alma 28.
I'm going to eat the rest of the spaghetti sauce when I get home.
Inmates cultivate, harvest and process an array of crops that make the facility self-supporting.
In the private sector, defined benefit plans are often funded exclusively by employer contributions.
In this context, permanent agriculture is understood as agriculture that can be sustained indefinitely.
It is believed that Swahili has been spoken since at least the tenth century.
It was an old building, and the ceiling had been made of heavy plaster.
Kazzinc JSC operated most of the country's lead and zinc mining and metallurgical enterprises.
Layla started wearing the hijab in Ramadan and kept in on after that month.
| National management (national part of the dividend + continuation of national TV channels).
Non-alloy steel in ingots or other primary forms and semi-finished products of non-alloy steel
One does not look into the mouth of a horse given as a present
Our money is together, my money is her money, her money is my money.
Ozone pollution near Earth's surface is one of the main ingredients of summertime smog.
Parents tend to have a very protective instinct when it comes to their children.
Phenomena such as arson, land-use change, illegal logging and poaching are becoming increasingly common.
Providing access to electronic newspapers, radio broadcasting, news agency services, electronic bulletin board services
Riho is an international chess champion and has represented Estonia at two Chess Olympiads.
Roofing tiles, chimney pots, cowls, chimney liners, architectural ornaments and other ceramic constructional goods
Scientific researchers have linked early obesity with an earlier onset of puberty in girls.
Selling of plants. Ornamental trees, shrubs, conifers, perennial flowers, hedges, climbing plants, orchards, roses.
She's the reporter CTU arrested last night before the first attempt on Hassan's life.
Strengthening of competitiveness of all types of agriculture and increasing of sustainability of agriculture
Sugar confectionery not containing gluten nor protein specially prepared for allergy and metabolism disorder
That, at least, is the impression you gave in the election campaign in Sweden.
That is an attack nanobot, designed to scramble electrical systems, both mechanical and biological.
That same night a radio program aired an interview with one of Luz' attorneys.
The aforesaid goods in particular being trellis systems for climbing plants or greening structures
The area has a continental Mediterranean climate, characterised by hot summers and cold winters.
The asteroid belt formed from the primordial solar nebula as a group of planetesimals.
The bypass sites provide hydraulic lifters and trucks for transporting boats along key portages.
The construction of the dam created an artificial lake that destroyed a whole ecosystem.
The erratic behavior of bipolar disorder is a source of confusion to family members.
The first and last dates of Ramadan are determined by the lunar Islamic calendar.
The frame is placed directly on top of a concrete or brick chamber top.
The importance of agriculture for the economy and the specific features of Mediterranean agriculture.
The M109 is a self-propelled 155 mm howitzer, first introduced in the early 1960s.
The magnitude and amplitude of the field increased at the time of her jump.
The natural isotopic abundance of boron-10 is approximately 18,5 weight percent (20 atom percent).
The President may put other amendments to the vote collectively where they are complementary.
There are many different cricket terminologies that are known by the die-hard cricket fans.
"The Russian word "друг" doesn't mean quite the same thing as the English "friend.
The Sudarian people worshiped the Ancients and considered the Potentia their most sacred artefact.
They say that in battle, when thoroughbred horses are lightly injured by a bayonet,
This program, like so many educational or cultural Israeli-Palestinian partnerships, began in starry-eyed idealism.
This species has evolved resistance to the disease as a result of natural selection.
Tom and Mary have already memorized the poem their teacher told them to memorize.
We now switch live to our reporter who's at the scene with the bomber.
Wild thyme is a creeping dwarf evergreen shrub with woody stems and a taproot.
You always were a Tory, and your family's one of the oldest in England.
Adolescence can be a period of experimentation, and many youths may question their sexual feelings.
All A8, A8 L, and S8 feature quattro all-wheel-drive system and 8-speed Tiptronic automatic transmission.
All content will be developed through comprehensive media interactivity with students, using only social networks.
A mammal on our endangered species list may lose its habitat with this new construction.
Ammonia can also lose an electron to gain a positive charge, forming the ion NH+3.
A new liberal arts that can support this action- oriented curriculum has begun to emerge.
Animals such as the giant panda and zebra possess gut bacteria capable of producing biofuel.
As early as 2004, the FBI was already warning about an epidemic of mortgage fraud
At the 2002 and 2006 Winter Paralympics he competed in both cross-country skiing and biathlon.
"Automation of technological processes and production - profile "automation of technological processes and production (construction)
Boole considered converting to Judaism but in the end was said to have chosen Unitarianism.
By the miracle of modern technology, the separation of time and of vast distances vanishes.
Checks are frequently conducted to confirm information found on an employment application or résumé/curriculum vitae.
Childhood and adolescence allows the development of an internal working model useful for forming attachments.
Crosses even decorated Scandinavian rock engravings during the Bronze Age, centuries before Jesus was born.
Ehretia microphylla is a shrub growing to 4 m height, with long, straggling, slender branches.
Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
Evidence suggests that China intends to put the SC-19 missile on wheeled transporters and launchers.
First, it argues that the construction of airport infrastructure does not constitute an economic activity.
Garlic is crushed in a mortar and pestle and emulsified with salt, and olive oil.
Garlic sausage is a type of meat sausage prepared using garlic as a primary ingredient.
God, a slow-witted Estonian, and a quick-witted Estonian sit around a table and play poker.
Her son was always called to the principal's office for displaying bad behavior in class.
He was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death, an open-and-shut case, except for one thing.
Historically, the banknote has followed a common or very similar pattern in the western nations.
I do not fully understand your desire to see NGOs participate in the election campaign.
I dropped a boiled egg into my soup and seasoned it with some fish sauce.
If farmers don't make a decent living growing peanuts, they will try growing other crops.
I got a herd of cattle and horses and the finest sheep, hogs and chickens.
In 1800 one-third of the available crops was cultivated with obsolete methods, exacerbating the problem.
Just as in the body childhood, adulthood and old age happen to an embodied being.
Liquid chromatographic column 125 mm x 4 mm, reversed-phase C18, 5 μm packing or equivalent
manually operated hydraulic spreader-cutter of a type used by rescue workers to force open doors.
Many travellers decided to rent a car instead of travelling by train to their destinations.
Martial arts, table tennis, swimming, basketball, soccer, badminton, music and visiting galleries, museums, and theaters.
Mass media are the media able to reach a wide public via different distribution channels.
Meningovascular syphilis involves inflammation of the small and medium arteries of the central nervous system.
Metabolic syndrome is associated with the risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes.
Most of Dalmatia has a Mediterranean climate, with warm, dry summers and mild, humid winters.
Moth bean is a creeping annual herbaceous plant which grows to approximately 40 cm high.
News agency services include the provision of news, photographs, and feature articles to the media.
One widely cited metaphor throughout Haidt's books is that of the elephant and the rider.
Parliament agreed to the request by electronic vote (343 in favour, 252 against, 59 abstentions).
Parliamentary elections met most international standards but shortcomings remain to be addressed in future elections.
Polar deserts are relatively common during ice ages, as ice ages tend to be dry.
Polygonatum/ˌpɒlɪˈɡɒnətəm/, also known as King Solomon's-seal or Solomon's seal, is a genus of flowering plants.
Principally a literary term denoting a rhythmical pause and break in a line of verse.
Providing training and arranging courses in communications, communications media and the selection of communications media
Ramadan, the ninth month on the Muslim calendar, is considered the holy month of fasting.
Reserve assets must be foreign currency assets, claims vis-à-vis non-residents and assets that actually exist.
Robotics In 1948, Norbert Wiener formulated the principles of cybernetics, the basis of practical robotics.
Roosevelt was able to state his goals so plainly because of his strong electoral position.
Since the crisis began, eurozone banks have reduced foreign claims by $7.3 trillion, or 45%.
Soil protection can be maximized through the use of direct sowing methods for energy crops.
So the truth here stated applies to the relationship between God and Christ in heaven.
Subject: Illegality of the search carried out at the Italian HQ of the Libero newspaper
Tactical forward combat zone (1-2 km range) - anti-tank guns and tanks deployed in defense
That was safely hidden for 5,000 years before you dropped a hellfire missile on it.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
The astounding thing is that the Republican government acceded to the whole of Stalin's conditions.
The bird on the shield symbolises the birth of western civilization at his present form.
The Committee also supports the move to keep developing quantum technologies and artificial intelligence (52).
The corrosion caused by them affects the roof coating material in a variety of ways.
The family eats a large traditional dinner, usually with turkey, cranberry sauce and pumpkin pie.
The fight against crime must be done with full respect for the rule of law.
The Master of Engineering (Industrial Automation) perfectly addresses this gap in the Industrial Automation industry.
The olive-growing area has a Mediterranean climate with occasional heavy rainfall due to the mountains.
The sovereign state of Estonia is a democratic unitary parliamentary republic divided into fifteen counties.
The superpowers developed ballistic missiles to enable them to use nuclear weaponry across great distances.
Third, industrial policy, R&D in particular, has a major role to play, together with education.
Tourists from all over the world come to visit Grand Canyon or Red Rock Canyon.
Tourists were seen walking inside the crater of the volcano just before the volcano erupted.
Up to 90% of cardiovascular disease may be preventable if established risk factors are avoided.
WAPA Olinda-Tracy 500 kV transmission line outside of Vacaville It's about to cross Interstate 80.
Abnormal dreams, Decreased libido, Dizziness, Increased muscle tonus (hypertonia), Insomnia, Nervousness, Paresthesia, Sedation, Tremor, Confusion, Depersonalisation
Adolescence shows an increase in self-esteem that continues to increase in young adulthood and middle age.
After a moment, the lights come back on, but the money is gone from the table.
A fully concrete floor almost completely covered with a layer of straw or other lignocellulosic material.
A mangrove is a shrub or small tree that grows in coastal saline or brackish water.
Amaranth is a herbaceous plant or shrub that is either annual or perennial across the genus.
An irrigation scheme often draws water from the river and distributes it over the irrigated area.
A turboprop engine is a turbine engine that drives an aircraft propeller using a reduction gear.
Biogas plants convert manure, energy crops and organic solid waste into clean energy and efficient fertilizer.
Boil the meat and fry with fresh coriander, onions and hot spices and a little garlic.
Both the Latin word cedrus and the generic name cedrus are derived from Greek κέδρος kédros.
But it is an achievement that we are here today and are going to vote tomorrow.
But to Europeans, who are excluded from the pact, it looks like monetary and economic unilateralism.
Checking the coupling mechanism and the brake and electrical connections (categories C+E, C1+E, D+E, D1+E only);
Chemical products for use in biotechnology research into products for use in the industrial chemical industry
Commander of the "Sparta Battalion", an armed separatist group involved in the fighting in eastern Ukraine.
Comments were also received from two food industry companies who manufacture emulsifiers for the baking industry.
Cookies can also be set by scripting languages such as JavaScript that run within the browser.
CPA 24.10.21: non-alloy steel in ingots or other primary forms and semi-finished products of non-alloy steel
Earlier in the development of the genre, school stories avoided dealing with adolescence or puberty directly.
" Emoji " (😔, 😭, 🫠, 🤣, 🤣) are little cartoons you text instead of words.
Engine speed and motorcycle speed on the test track must be determined to within ± 3%.
Epilepsy is defined as having had two or more epileptic seizures, less than five years apart.
Following the development of the vulva, changes take place at birth, childhood, puberty, menopause and post-menopause.
For all switches and appliances marker plates identifying the circuit shall be affixed to the switchboards.
Foundation piles, pile planks and structural elements made of concrete, reinforced concrete or of reinforced cement
Generally, Nile crocodiles are relatively inert creatures, as are most crocodilians and other large, cold-blooded creatures.
He has openly called for the suppression of foreign mass media outlets and the Iranian opposition.
Hyundai released the Sonata and Veloster Turbo with the 7-speed EcoShift Dual Clutch Transmission in 2015.
India wore cavalry tweed slacks the color of golden fall leaves and a maroon turtleneck sweater.
Industry by industry provided that industry by industry is a good approximation of product by product.
Kharif crops stand in contrast to the rabi crops, which are cultivated during the dry season.
Lath and plaster is a building process used to finish mainly interior dividing walls and ceilings.
LiPF6 hydrolysis yields PF5, a strong Lewis acid that reacts with electron-rich species, such as water.
Mirror assemblies to focus infrared energy onto sensor in guidance system to direct missile to target
Most modern scholars consider Jesus' baptism to be a definite historical fact, along with his crucifixion.
Mr Fauncewater is a burglar by trade, but in this case, his crime was not burglary.
Nowhere does the Bible suggest that the earliest Christians used the cross as a religious symbol.
On 28 May, two French and one Norwegian battalion attacked and recaptured Narvik from the Germans.
Once there was an Estonian who loved his wife so much that he almost told her.
On reservations, more individuals have less than a ninth grade education than have a college diploma.
On the evening of 14 January 1858, Napoleon and the Empress escaped an assassination attempt unharmed.
Organised crime remains a serious concern in Serbia, in particular regarding money laundering and drug smuggling.
Other alloy steel in ingots or other primary forms and semi-finished products of other alloy steel
Pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of the symptoms of Parkinsons disease, epilepsy, migraine and multiple sclerosis
Reagent kits comprising generic DNA circle, DNA primers, polymerase and buffers for use in biotechnology fields
Responsible for Iran's defence research, development and manufacturing programmes, including support to missile and nuclear programmes.
Scaffolding systems had been installed on the Secretariat Building for removal of the glass curtain wall.
Scripting is a feature allowing JavaScript code in a web page to interact with the plugin.
Smelting, which is an essential part of the primary production, is often skipped during secondary production.
Smilax aspera is a perennial, evergreen climber with a flexible and delicate stem, with sharp thorns.
Support the development of international as well as regional cooperation in the area of criminal justice.
Tetrapleura tetraptera is a species of flowering plant in the pea family native to Western Africa.
That's the combined prison sentence of the guys, my guys, the district attorney's office has convicted.
The 10.5 cm leFH 18/40 was a German light howitzer used in the Second World War.
The action for judicial review is not, however, confined to cases where constitutional irregularity is involved.
The alkyl radical then accepts an electron from another metal atom to form an alkyl anion.
The cable construction shall be faultless and the design shall be suitable for use on cranes.
The catering vehicle consists of a rear body, lifting system, platform and an electro-hydraulic control mechanism.
The clothing industry is the second most polluting industry in the world, after the oil industry.
The corresponding projects were quick start ones, resulting in massive energy savings and CO2 emission reductions.
The Irazu Volcano is the highest active volcano of Costa Rica, with 3,432 meters of altitude.
The most important disease is type 2 diabetes - causing circulatory disorders, kidney failure and blindness.
The natural isotopic abundance of boron-10 is approximately 18,5 weight per cent (20 atom per cent).
The red deer, one of five native deer species, is the biggest non-marine mammal in Wales.
There is a broad variety of yoga schools, practices, and goals in Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.
The Saudi Royal family is no doubt interested in a jeweled dagger belonging to an ancestor.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
The variation among the German dialects is considerable, with often only neighbouring dialects being mutually intelligible.
This command appears to be the entity that actually has the operational control of the missiles.
This hardy perennial plant grows to 0.7-1.5 m in height, with the stems square in cross-section.
Thus, the main type of activity of a metallurgical combine was the rolling of ferrous metals.
Twelve electrons over the electron configuration of argon reach the configuration of zinc, namely 3d10 4s2.
When the pressure drop available is large, it cannot all be used in one turbine stage.
Where do Judaism, Christendom, and Islam stand on the issue of the immortality of the soul?
You can play croquet, tennis, bocce ball, or even chess on a giant outdoor chess set.
Zebra sharks are nocturnal and spend most of the day resting motionless on the sea floor.
1. Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.
"8 Through his one Shepherd, Christ Jesus, Jehovah concludes with His well-fed sheep a "covenant of peace.
A 525-year-old copy of a letter by Christopher Columbus, stolen from the Vatican, was returned this week.
Actuators are specified for the desired life and reliability for a given set of application service conditions.
A dormant volcano is a volcano that is not active now, but may erupt in the future.
A group representing potato farmers said they're expecting harvests to be 25 percent smaller than last year.
All floors are covered with a 50 mm thick concrete layer and is levelled with surface flooring.
Ammunitions, meaning projectiles and propelling charges and blank ammunitions used in hand guns, artillery, and other guns.
An American finds cables underground during a construction project; he concludes that ancient Americans knew about telephones.
An important use of H is in magnetic circuits where B = μH inside a linear material.
As a result, babies suffer from diarrhea and dehydration as well as from respiratory and gastrointestinal disease.
A sergeant named Galovitch, who is a member of Holmes' boxing team, picks a fight with Prewitt.
As regards Europe by Satellite, 843 news items, 52 info clips and 380 live stories were produced.
As with Ballad, much of the newer material was written or conceived under the influence of marijuana.
A vector field is called vertical, meaning that all the horizontal coefficients vanish, if ρi = 0.
(b) Development and quality assurance of health testing and screening practices including genetic testing and cancer screening.
Because the farm is indoors, the farmers can control the environment, including temperature, to improve their crops.
Blue-and-gold scrollwork made a broad painted band on the plaster walls just below the high beamed ceiling.
But about half of our military has filed for some kind of PTSD compensation from the government.
But the radioactivity you'd expect from matter-antimatter annihilation is to be found nowhere at the impact site.
Detection of fraud, arson, fires, malicious damage and counterfeiting, being all the aforementioned services for forensic purposes
Dirac's equation describes an atomic particle travelling at any speed, right up to the speed of light.
During the Renaissance, Edmund Spenser in The Faerie Queene endorsed sadness as a marker of spiritual commitment.
Epilepsy: 10 years freedom from further seizures shall have been achieved without the aid of anti-epileptic drugs.
Everything was ready for his journey; his portmanteaux were packed, his rods in the long tubular travelling-case.
Farmers were out to defend their cattle-sheds, granaries, and ripening root crops with arms in their hands.
Focusing its sales on the more profitable markets of bulldozers and pipelayers has resulted in operating profits.
Hindus thus practiced ancestor worship and laid out food for the souls of their dead to consume.
Historians agree that the middle classes not only professed high personal moral standards, but actually followed them.
I invited you here today to use this occasion to wash my hands in a golden basin.
In 1959, CNVA sponsored protests at the construction site of an intercontinental ballistic missile near Omaha, Nebraska.
India is home to 12% of world's recorded flora, some 47000 species of flowering and non-flowering plants.
In order to activate BAS the brake pedal shall be applied as specified by the car manufacturer.
It is essential for patients with pre-existing or gestational diabetes to maintain good metabolic control throughout pregnancy
It is the second-highest volcano in Antarctica (after Mount Sidley) and the southernmost active volcano on Earth.
It maintains military, missile, and air defense projects and procures goods from Russia, Belarus, and North Korea.
It will allow the plant to produce not only Volvo models, but also Ford and Jaguar models.
Joseph Parry, leader of the opposition, has indicated that he favours constitutional reform over secession for Nevis.
Long-term goals in terms of reducing lung cancer risk attributable to radon exposure (for smokers and non-smokers).
Luckily, I grew up in a family with lesser rules and relatives that have always supported me.
Na0 → Na+ + e− Na+ is incorporated into the NaCl crystal after giving up an electron.
ON June 28, 1831, a violent earthquake hit the west coast of the Mediterranean island of Sicily.
Panna cotta is often served with a coulis of berries, or a sauce of caramel or chocolate.
Peabody's Australian operations consist of metallurgical and thermal coal mining operations in Queensland and New South Wales.
Remingtonocetids are often found in association with catfish and crocodilians, as well as protocetid whales and sirenians.
She was wearing a heavy sweater that came down over the faded blue jeans covering her legs.
Studies in a variety of amphibians have shown the toxicity of products containing POEA to amphibian larvae.
Syphilis is a notifiable disease in many countries, including Canada the European Union, and the United States.
That is why ammunition with cumulative warheads is more characteristic of low-speed or stationary ammunition (anti-tank mines).
The area has a mild, Mediterranean climate, with no frosts (extremely rare) and long hours of sunshine.
The asphalt mining industry is the second largest industry in Trinidad and Tobago after the petroleum industry.
The females of all mammal species can by definition produce milk, but cow's milk dominates commercial production.
The hydraulic power itself comes from pumps driven by the engines directly, or by electrically driven pumps.
The island of Pag has a predominantly Mediterranean climate, with warm, dry summers and somewhat colder winters.
The lifespan in the wild of geese that survive to adulthood ranges from 10 to 24 years.
The purpose of the steam turbine is to convert the heat contained in steam into mechanical energy.
There are currently a lot of on going competitions on robotics, such as the DARPA Robotics Challenge.
They found the entire plane off the coast of Bali, in an ocean trench four miles deep.
This chapter focuses on a very human future in an age of robotics, AI, automation and robotics.
This herd of Argentinosaurus are now on the move, travelling across a swamp covered with volcanic ash.
Those who do not perform acts of ancestor worship are often persecuted by family members and neighbors.
Throttle lag occurs because turbochargers rely on the buildup of exhaust gas pressure to drive the turbine.
Thus the postponement of the construction of the uppermost asphalt concrete layer means essentially construction in stages.
Thus there are thematic needs to develop a safety framework for autonomous industrial robotics and service robotics.
Upon adolescence some of these dynamic begin to change largely due to the adolescents newfound cognitive abilities.
Using a knife or a bayonet, an infantryman would probe at a low angle through the soil.
Van Gogh made a lithograph of the composition The Potato Eaters before embarking on the painting proper.
We suggest you make your move back to the head of the table before your charter evaporates.
When the concrete dries, the insulation layer adheres tightly with the concrete and creates a strong bond.
With their roots protected below ground in the soil layer, perennial plants are notably tolerant of wildfire.
Yet the Chinese authorities are determined not to introduce electoral democracy in any way, shape, or form.
You only notice how much money you could save by not having any when doing your taxes.
Your presence before the Special Committee on Annexation and the Standing Committee on Constitutional Law is required.
2. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.
(7) Merging insurers shall give notice of obtaining authorisation for merger in at least one national daily newspaper.
Active on social media, Zlatan has over 40 million Instagram followers, the most for a person from Sweden.
After flowering, potato plants produce small green fruits that resemble green cherry tomatoes, each containing about 300 seeds.
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law.
Alsatian cuisine, somewhat based on German culinary traditions, is marked by the use of pork in various forms.
Any applied research studying human cancer and human infectious disorders should be included regardless of the target system.
Appointed by Presidential Decree on 9 December 2013 Head of the Russian Federal State news agency 'Россия Сегодня'.
Atropa belladonna is a branching herbaceous perennial rhizomatous hemicryptophyte, often growing as a subshrub from a fleshy rootstock.
Baszler was a key spokesperson in the movement to create a South Dakota athletic commission for combat sports.
Breath testing units, namely, portable breath detection apparatus for detecting halitosis, diabetes, allergens, pathogens, and asthma in individuals
Building materials included bones such as mammoth ribs, hide, stone, metal, bark, bamboo, clay, lime plaster, and more.
But any number multiplied by 0 is 0 and so there is no number that solves the equation.
Carpets, flooring coverings (except tiles and paintings), linoleum, carpets, door mats, non-slip mats, matting, mats, insulating floor coverings
Certain traditional combat sports and fighting styles exist all over the world, rooted in local culture and folklore.
Chinese martial artists also compete in non-Chinese or mixed combat sports, including boxing, kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts.
Chipsealing is cheaper than resurfacing an asphalt concrete or a Portland cement concrete pavement, but not as long-lasting.
Chlamydia, or more specifically a chlamydia infection, is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis.
Clearly, the events have a significantly larger outreach when covered by mass media, in particular TV and radio.
Colocasia esculenta is a perennial, tropical plant primarily grown as a root vegetable for its edible, starchy corm.
Contingent liabilities and contingent assets may arise from items such as warranty costs, claims, penalties or possible losses.
Different crops grow in different seasons, and different crops take different amounts of time (in days) to grow.
Entertainment services, including providing a radio program via a global computer network, broadcast stations, satellite, and by recordings
Faithful servants of God left Judaism when they realized that God was now using the Christian congregation instead.
FFG-1 through FFG-3 had a Westinghouse geared steam turbine while FFG-4 through FFG-6 employed a General Electric turbine.
For lunch, Hilbert brought out a complete Thanksgiving meal: turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, sweet potatoes, even pumpkin pie.
Half a century ago, this motto was mentioned in a popular radio program in that Central American country.
Her daughter and son surprised her with a golden necklace on a random day to show their appreciation.
How did the religious leaders in Jesus' day show that they did not want to follow the light?
Hyacinthus is a small genus of bulbous, spring-blooming perennial, fragrant flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae.
I do want to ask you so many things, and of course to chat about my first impressions.
If the test appliance has got an air exhaust, its axis shall be equidistant from two microphone positions.
In 987, the Carolingians were ousted in France by the election of Hugues Capet who imposed his dynasty.
In Botswana, you can join the vast construction industry, consulting industry, Government Departments, parastatals and the mining industry.
In most contemporary educational systems of the world, secondary education comprises the formal education that occurs during adolescence.
In the early 1990s, Volvo introduced the Volvo ECC which was a gas turbine powered hybrid electric vehicle.
In the hydraulic analogy, charge carriers flowing through a wire are analogous to water flowing through a pipe.
It is a temperate Mediterranean climate, with colder temperatures and greater precipitation than the rest of the province.
It might be seen as archaeology in reverse: first the ruins, then the city that covers them up.
It says Zyprexa is used to treat the symptoms of psychotic conditions such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
It was usually submitted to a judge when he was considering what sentence to give a convicted criminal.
"JESUS CHRIST undoubtedly included his younger followers when he said: "Come to me,... and I will refresh you.
Located where two rivers flow into the lake Heddalsvatnet, the municipality has significant hydropower resources within its limits.
Louisville hosts religious institutions of various faiths, including Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism and the Bahá'í Faith.
Malosco Castle Malosco Castle (originally dated to the 12th century) was rebuilt in 1593 by Count Gerolamo Guarienti.
Of the region's 155,400 km2, only 92,204 km2 is cultivated, and only 7,770 km2 of that is irrigated.
On one hand, the modern tendency is toward breaking down linguistic walls, primarily on account of mass media.
Organic farming focuses on farming without synthetic chemical fertilizers and pesticides, while agroecology is a more holistic approach.
Our three-layer façade elements consist of two layers of concrete and a layer of thermal insulation between them.
People with diabetes can eat sweets, but they must factor their sugar intake into their overall diet plan.
Phyteuma scheuchzeri, the Oxford rampion or horned rampion, is a perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae.
Population figures for elk are in excess of 30,000-the largest population of any large mammal species in Yellowstone.
Production and design of television and radio broadcasts for educational, instructional and entertainment purposes, events and shows, quizzes
Rising pollution levels contributed to the greenhouse effect that would lead to partially melting the polar ice caps.
Running home, he began by locking himself in, getting out his travelling bag, and feverishly beginning to pack.
Seasonings such as fresh ginger root, garlic, scallion, cilantro and sesame are widely used in many regional cuisines.
Second-tier chess players who are good teachers often earn as much as top tournament players - or more.
Steel is generally used in the petrochemical industry, the oil and gas industry, and the chemical processing industry.
Terrace farming is an important agricultural method that has made farming in mountainous parts of the world possible.
The biggest employer in municipality is the SARSTEDT Verwaltungs AG with her factories in village Rommelsdorf and Winterborn.
The binomial coefficients 1, 2, 1 appearing in this expansion correspond to the second row of Pascal's triangle.
The Committee is of the opinion that the budget formulation should not be confused with the funding sources.
The Hungarian National Anthem is a poem written by Ferenc Kölcsey and set to music by Ferenc Erkel.
The island of Sardinia enjoys an essentially Mediterranean climate with mild, relatively wet winters and dry, hot summers.
The Palas were followers of the Mahayana and Tantric schools of Buddhism, they also patronised Shaivism and Vaishnavism.
The sequence of motions and the selection of paths or angles are variable within the fixed programme pattern.
The students laughed under their breath when they saw that the teacher had put on his sweater backwards.
The violence to which women are subjected is the greatest and gravest manifestation of the discrimination they face.
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
They don't differentiate between hard and soft targets and are known for hitting resorts, restaurants, big tourist attractions.
Trellis work with ornamental climbing plants, high shrubs and evergreen topiary hedges provide sophisticated protection from prying eyes.
Vesuvius Volcano Mount Vesuvius, on the west coast of Italy, is the only active volcano on mainland Europe.
We are in the middle of an election campaign but things are a bit calmer for you now.
Wildlife needs connected corridors to get around, especially as climate change pushes them out of their old habitats.
(1) The classification of ammunition is based on the parameters of the weapon for which the ammunition is prescribed.
Acute symptoms such as sweating, insomnia, tremor, anxiety, nausea and vomiting have been reported when olanzapine is stopped abruptly
A German digs 200 meters and finds glass fibers and concludes that ancient Germans already knew about fiber optics.
A liberal Tory, and later a supporter of the Anti-Apartheid Movement, Grigg sought election to the House of Commons.
And I think the captain's decision is insane and it wouldn't happen if it weren't for your past relationship.
And we said, this was an exact equation, so this is going to equal our N of x y.
An example would be movements or parties which propose the establishment of a constitutional monarchy in a republican system.
An ordinary differential equation or ODE is an equation containing a function of one independent variable and its derivatives.
Another strategy is switching from row crops to agroforestry, which combines trees, livestock and crops in a single field.
Arenal volcano is considered to be a young volcano, as it's estimated to be less than 7,500 years old.
A short sequence depicts Cephalaspis evolving into Hynerpeton, amphibian-like tetrapods, who now hunt their arthropod contemporaries which have shrunk.
Ashtonia is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1968.
Automation has been achieved by various means including mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical, electronic devices and computers, usually in combination.
A weakened strain of bovine tuberculosis bacillus, Mycobacterium bovis is specially subcultured in a culture medium, usually Middlebrook 7H9.
Calcination processes are carried out in a variety of furnaces, including shaft furnaces, rotary kilns, and fluidized bed reactors.
During evacuation operations, Member States tend to offer evacuation facilities, such as available places in airplanes, to unrepresented citizens34.
Early cricket was played with a stick that resembled more a hockey stick than the modern day cricket bat.
Eucalyptus/ˌjuːkəˈlɪptəs/is a genus of over seven hundred species of flowering trees, shrubs or mallees in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
Even if you've never played in real life, badminton, you the strength to be a winner Badminton flash game.
Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell.
Freddy exclusively attacks teenagers and his actions have been interpreted as symbolic of the often traumatic experiences of adolescence.
Genisteae is a tribe of trees, shrubs and herbaceous plants in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae.
Glacial lake outburst floods, or GLOFs, are increasing in frequency as climate change increases the rate of glacial melting.
Grinding or polishing machines for working stone, ceramics, concrete, asbestos-cement or like mineral materials or for cold working glass
He and his brother Kublai launched assaults on the Sung dynasty in southern China, while another force headed west.
His daughter was always top of her class, which is why she got admitted into a very good university.
Historians sometimes consider this social factor to be extremely important, along with the nature of the national economies involved.
Hydraulic systems like the ones mentioned above will work most efficiently if the hydraulic fluid used has zero compressibility.
If the mobile crane is equipped with several engines, the engine used for the crane's function shall be run.
I have to go to the university soon, because I have a lecture there, which starts at twelve o'clock.
I knew this feeling, it could arise when I was climbing a mountain and then I would be paralyzed.
In 6D103 'missile' means complete rocket systems and unmanned aerial vehicle systems capable of a range exceeding 300 km.
including appropriate provisions for conformity assessment, bringing in a more rigorous conformity assessment for certain systems (steering, brakes, etc.).
In general the Italian invasion was poorly planned, badly executed and succeeded only because Albanian resistance was too weak.
In March 2012, Bentley had a supporting role in the blockbuster movie The Hunger Games, playing gamemaker Seneca Crane.
Intensified control in the treatment of pregnant women with diabetes is therefore recommended throughout pregnancy and when contemplating pregnancy
(j) for heavy-duty cabinets, the following sentence: 'This appliance is intended for use in ambient temperatures up to 40°C'.
Like the giant panda, they cannot digest cellulose, so they must consume a large volume of bamboo to survive.
Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state, a splendid affair of eternal standing.
Metal whiskering is a crystalline metallurgical phenomenon involving the spontaneous growth of tiny, filiform hairs from a metallic surface.
MMA in Australia is permitted in all States and Territories of Australia by various combat sports authorities and organizations.
Montana is home to diverse fauna including 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile, and 427 bird species.
Most historians agree Galileo did not act out of malice and felt blindsided by the reaction to his book.
Most of the crops grown today worldwide are cash crops cultivated for selling in the national and international markets.
My experiments with a combination of syphilis and tuberculosis have produced results unseen in the history of medical science.
Nevertheless, the different criminal procedure laws and practices in the Member States result in uneven responses across the Union.
New onset diabetes mellitus, hyperglycaemia or exacerbation of existing diabetes mellitus has been reported in patients receiving protease inhibitors
Practically stole the thing, and then the damn recession hit, and we had to ease up on payroll taxes.
Prior to the constitutional turmoil of the 1680s, the Massachusetts government had been dominated by conservative Puritan secular leaders.
Recognise natural disasters specifically affecting the Mediterranean area where more than 90% of forest fires and drought are recorded;
Robotics and autonomy has been a growing concern for heavy equipment manufacturers with manufacturers beginning research and technology acquisition.
"Scott defines the Mass as follows: "The Mass is the unbloody sacrifice of the Body and Blood of Christ.
Soviet engineers copied German trophy samples and created a cumulative projectile for a 76-mm cannon and a 122-mm howitzer.
Subsequently, the Jewish religious leaders pressured Pontius Pilate to condemn Jesus to death. - Matthew 26:63-65; 27:1, 2, 11-26.
The Bourbons tended to support the landed aristocracy while the Orleanist tended to support the banking and finance bourgeoisie.
The first Iraqi missile hitting Israel during the Persian Gulf War was believed to contain chemical or biological weapons.
The impact and adequacy of the new Penal Procedure Code on fighting organised crime has to be closely monitored.
the invariant set of ISO646:1991 forming a code structured in accordance with ISO15459-1:2014 or ISO15459-4:2014 (or their latest equivalent)
The Japanese expression of 'sensei' shares the same characters as the Chinese word 先生, pronounced xiānshēng in Standard Chinese.
The Macedonia cricket team is a fledgling cricket team which represents the nation of Macedonia in International Cricket competitions.
The only indigenous mammals are a few species of bats and some large marine mammals, including whales and dolphins.
The seeds can be grown in clean and mixed crops, but the best are special clean crops for seeds.
The song is a ballad, featuring poetic language, in which the singer describes the end of a love affair.
The Tallinn Workers' and Sodliers' Council asks Soviet Russia to intervene to fight against the bourgeoisie and international imperialists.
This came after some months of correspondence between the Prime Minister Harold Macmillan and the constitutional expert Edward Iwi.
Those are 40 kids that got a perfect score on the standardized test that included the Project Christmas questions.
Those who want more from their cryptocurrency should meet Bytecoin (BCN), a double spend resistant and truly anonymous cryptocurrency.
Turner discovered late in the campaign that the Liberals' electoral hopes were poor in their traditional stronghold of Quebec.
With the collapse of a fragile Tory coalition of westerners, Ontarians and Quebec nationalists, the Reform Party's fortunes rose.
According to a 1995 census, Cabinda had an estimated population of 600,000, approximately 400,000 of whom live in neighbouring countries.
A coal-fueled MHD generator is a type of Brayton power cycle, similar to the power cycle of a combustion turbine.
A disaggregation of results will be possible for the criteria included in the core data and for combinations of criteria.
A figure of speech or rhetorical figure is an intentional deviation from ordinary language, chosen to produce a rhetorical effect.
A fire brick, firebrick, or refractory is a block of ceramic material used in lining furnaces, kilns, fireboxes, and fireplaces.
Agricultural production is mainly from kharif crops, which are grown in the summer season and seeded in June and July.
As the President said today, we're proud to stand #UnitedForUkraine and bring the world together to speak w/one voice pic.twitter.com/v8haCIgYLL.
Breast-fed babies have lower rates of hospital admission, ear infection, diarrhea, rashes, allergies and other medical problems than bottle-fed tots.
Classically, the preferred apples for use in caramel apples are tart-tasting apples with a crisp texture such as Granny Smith.
Climate change is a man-made problem and must have a feminist solution, Robinson said at a meeting of climate experts.
Crème de cacao may be either clear or a dark caramel color, which is often labeled dark crème de cacao.
During World War II, U.S. armed forces used the Mk 2 hand grenade (Mk II), a fragmentation type of grenade.
Dutch investigators said Tuesday that fragments of a suspected Russian missile system were found at the crash site in Ukraine.
EUFOR military personnel may carry arms and ammunition on condition that they are authorised to do so by their orders.
European forests can be divided according to geographical location into the Boreal, Atlantic, Continental, Mediterranean, Alpine and Macronesian forest zones
Faryadi Zardad, an Afghan national, was convicted in 2005 of conspiracy to torture and conspiracy to take hostages in Afghanistan.
For isotropic materials the coefficients linear thermal expansion α and volumetric thermal expansion αV are related by αV = 3α.
Garlic oil is typically prepared using steam distillation, where crushed garlic is steamed with the resultant condensation containing the oil.
Given that the technologies in question are alternatives, no transaction cost savings accrue from including both technologies in the pool.
Good powder coating, high impact strength, good gloss, strong adhesion, well chemicals resistance and wear resistance, with long service life.
He launched attacks on two fronts -against European lands to the west and against the Sung dynasty in southern China.
High-temperature mineral wool is used primarily for insulation and lining of industrial furnaces and foundries to improve efficiency and safety.
Hydraulic cylinders, which allow the conveyor to move up, down and sideways as well as to turn and lock it.
If all goes well, the new sanctuary in Tsavo East will serve as breeding ground for the black rhino species.
In non-flowering seed plants, pollen germinates in the pollen chamber, located beneath the micropyle, underneath the integuments of the ovule.
In some countries, when a herd of elephants encroaches upon the agricultural livelihoods of farmers, the elephants can be exterminated.
In the Philippines, coconut milk can also be further processed into coconut caramel and coconut curds, both known as latik.
Islam, with more than a billion members worldwide, teaches that Jesus is a greater prophet than Abraham, Noah, and Moses.
It grows as an upright, rounded, thick-stemmed, strongly branched, evergreen shrub and reaches stature heights of up to 2.5 meters.
It will be the task of Ayatollah Khamenei to rein in conservative ideologues and make sure that pragmatic conservatism prevails.
Johnson's views have been described as fiscally conservative and socially liberal with a philosophy of limited government and military non-interventionism.
Just, the thing that seemed weird to me is, when he sat at the defense table, he was definitely nervous.
Just to nip at their heels and make them reaffirm the principles on which - the Conservative Party must stand.
Longstanding TDCA player and coach Reeta Rani held 6th rank in the Youth National tournament held in at Alibag, Maharashtra.
Lutheranism is associated with the theology of Martin Luther, with its official confessional writings found in the Book of Concord.
Meanwhile, Matlabane decided to search for Isaac and show him how his three former friends had found the true religion.
Mixing elements of mysticism, paganism, Greek philosophy, Judaism, and Christianity, the movement was a contaminating influence on some professed Christians
Nitroglycerin has been used in conjunction with hydraulic fracturing, a process used to recover oil and gas from shale formations.
One of the debates surrounding Down and Out is whether it was a piece of factual autobiography or part fiction.
Pam was wearing a fluffy cream sweater and golden-brown knit pants, and Chow was in his usual vest and slacks.
Personification occurs when a thing or abstraction is represented as a person, in literature or art, as an anthropomorphic metaphor.
Play chess can not only together, where each player controls his pieces on the board, but one group against chess.
Poetic diction can include rhetorical devices such as simile and metaphor, as well as tones of voice, such as irony.
Public hydraulic power networks were constructed in many large industrial cities around the world in the 1870s-80s, exemplified by Manchester.
Referee are rarely present during sailing races as decisions are normally referred to a jury-style protest committee after the race.
Rising global temperatures, caused by the greenhouse effect, contribute to habitat destruction, endangering various species, such as the polar bear.
Sayyid Qutb is one of the founding fathers of fanatical Islam, one of the ideologues that inspired Osama bin Laden.
She bought me the wrong kind of skates-I wanted racing skates and she bought hockey-but it made me sad anyway.
She walks through the antechamber, climbs over the low wall of broken stone, feels the sharp edges against her hands.
Since our new building will begin construction in the fall, we will be holding our school athletic tournament this June.
Tagine is a mainstay of Sephardic cuisine commonly prepared for Shabbat dinners in the Sephardi community, and served with couscous.
Test cricket is a form of international cricket started in 1877 during the 1876/77 English cricket team's tour of Australia.
The 2S1 Gvozdika is a Soviet self-propelled howitzer based on the chassis MT-LB APC, mounting the 122 mm 2A18 howitzer
The adoption of Buddha as an avatar in Bhagavatism was a catalyzing factor in Buddhism's assimilation into Vaishnavism's mythic hierarchy.
The base is made using the same principles as for the tiles - Compacted, crushed stones with concrete top layer.
The ceiling is composed of plaster that is painted to emulate gilded wood, with moldings of classical and figurative details.
The etymology of the word tea can be traced back to the various Chinese pronunciations of the Chinese word 茶.
The Force's sensitivity for the Muslim religious practices during the month of Ramadan was especially appreciated by the local community.
The head of the power plant's boiler-turbine workshop was placed in pretrial detention, charged with violating environmental regulations and negligence.
The higher-order term, namely the shear stress divergence ∇ · τ, has simply reduced to the vector Laplacian term μ∇2u.
The ideas of enactivism regarding how organisms engage with their environment have interested those involved in robotics and man-machine interfaces.
The judge said that the defendant will remain in jail until he finds the money to pay all his fines.
The most common types of plaster mainly contain either gypsum, lime, or cement, but all work in a similar way.
The petro-hydraulic hybrid system has faster and more efficient charge/discharge cycling than petro-electric hybrids and is also cheaper to build.
The PPN is energized by the central star, causing it to emit strong infrared radiation and become a reflection nebula.
The primary use of comparison in literature is with the simile, a figure of speech that directly compares two things.
The referee and the six linesmen officiate the match in collaboration with the Judge Commissioner, who remains off the field.
The referendum was held in all 245 electoral districts, which covered all nine provinces and one of the two territories.
There is concern that cannabis may contribute to cardiovascular disease, but as of 2018, evidence of this relationship was unclear.
The roof and coating profiles are used in the buildings and constructions for the coating of the roofs and walls.
Too much cardiovascular exercise can directly affect muscle tissue if it is used excessively and without eating the correct food.
To the chagrin of Grant, President Hayes appointed Reconstruction critics, including Liberal Republican icon Carl Schurz to Secretary of Interior.
Tran is depicted as Christian, despite 85% of Vietnamese people practicing Buddhism and less than 7% of them practicing Christianity.
Upon police request, Facebook deactivated Gaines' Facebook and Instagram accounts, leading to criticism of the company's involvement in the incident.
When reporting structured finance ratings, a credit rating agency shall classify the ratings within one of the following asset classes
Without such a common fiscal policy, the euro will remain vulnerable to crises such as the current Greek debt discussions.
Written around 393, St. Augustine's well-known abecedarian psalm against the Donatists is the earliest known example of medieval rhythmical verse.
XPConnect uses the type library information to marshal calls between different thread contexts and between JavaScript and natively compiled C++.
3 Emergency alarm, operating instructions, training manual, assembly lists and emergency instructions (R 6 + 8 + 9 +19 + 20)
Activated carbon filters are used to retain radioactive gases within the air vacuumed from a nuclear boiling water reactor turbine condenser.
African curries, Cape Malay curries and Natal curries include the traditional Natal curry, the Durban curry, bunny chow, and roti rolls.
After the Chernobyl disaster, all RBMKs in operation underwent significant changes, lowering their void coefficients from +4.7 β to +0.7 β.
All outside variables were controlled, for this was to be the moment the snickering, the talking behind hands would finally stop.
Along with the Etruscan of Italy, it is the last script of the Bronze Age that is yet to be deciphered.
"A newspaper reporter stationed in eastern Africa wrote: "Young people choose to elope to escape excessive dowries demanded by tenacious in-laws.
As well as its primary purpose for lubrication, pressurized oil is increasingly used as a hydraulic fluid to power small actuators.
A thorough understanding of adolescence in society depends on information from various perspectives, including psychology, biology, history, sociology, education, and anthropology.
At one time journalism was confined to media which were (relatively) clearly recognisable as such, namely the press, radio and television.
A wide-band sensor, on the other hand, has a very linear output, 0-5 V, and requires a much hotter running temperature.
Beans are annual climbing plants with long slender stems and compound leaves reaching a final height of more than two metres
Buddleja salviifolia is a large, semi-evergreen shrub, multi-stemmed, with untidy, drooping branches, typically reaching a height of 4 - 8 m.
Cannabis sativa is an annual herbaceous flowering plant indigenous to eastern Asia but now of cosmopolitan distribution due to widespread cultivation.
Cardiovascular diseases represent the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in Lebanon and are also the primary cause of hospital admission.
Castel del Monte is a medieval and Renaissance hill town and comune in the province of L'Aquila in northern Abruzzo, Italy.
Chess tricks and traps have always caught the imagination and appreciation of chess fans as long as chess has been played.
China's navy received some impressive platforms, such as a cutting-edge ballistic-missile submarine, for good measure, illustrating the coziness of this relationship.
Chrism is essential for the Catholic Sacrament of Confirmation/Chrismation, and is prominently used in the sacraments of Baptism and Holy Orders.
Despite this change, the M36 tank destroyer continued in service, and was used in combat as late as the Korean War.
During the First Crusade, Ramla was abandoned by its Muslim inhabitants, as it lacked the defenses necessary to withstand a siege.
EPUB requires readers to support the HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, SVG formats, making EPUB readers use the same technology as web browsers.
Fasting during Ramadan is obligatory, but is forbidden for several groups for whom it would be very dangerous and excessively problematic.
Fasting during Ramadan is one of the five pillars of Islam, which is a symbol of sacrifice, spiritual rest and solidarity.
For all practical purposes the PC-7 Mk II can be seen as a hybrid between the PC-7 and the newer PC-9.
Heat the oven to 220°C, Meanwhile, simmer the apples with the lemon juice and water in a large pan until soft.
I mean, what's a handy every now and then if it pays the mortgage on my park view terrace apartment, right?
In certain Vaishnava sects within Hinduism, attaining unadulterated, unconditional and incessant love for Godhead is considered the foremost goal of life.
In the 1960s, because of the prediction and discovery of pulsars, the Crab Nebula again became a major center of interest.
In Western cuisine, ginger is traditionally used mainly in sweet foods such as ginger ale, gingerbread, ginger snaps, parkin, and speculaas.
It is expected to be accompanied by a catalogue of educational activities for curriculum adaptation by local educators with audio-visual components.
Mangrove forests can decay into peat deposits because of fungal and bacterial processes as well as by the action of termites.
Microsoft claimed that Internet Explorer 11, running the WebKit SunSpider JavaScript Benchmark, was the fastest browser as of October 15, 2013.
Most chokeholds featured in combat sports and martial arts are blood chokes, although some air chokes or combinations occur as well.
Most economists agree that in the absence of advanced fiscal-policy coordination and a real banking union, Europe's monetary union cannot succeed.
My daughter and husband went to town yesterday because they wanted to surprise my mother with a very special birthday gift.
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.
No, they're having a Ping-Pong tournament in the rumpus room and my neighbour Jimbo has invited me to be his partner.
Our relatives and my family always celebrate Christmas together so that our children will grow up in a very close-knit family.
Puberty is the process of physical changes through which a child's body matures into an adult body capable of sexual reproduction.
Ricinus communis, the castor bean or castor oil plant, is a species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae.
Roman Catholic doctrine states that for a valid Eucharist, the bread to be used at Mass must be made from wheat.
Scholars believe that by the first century C.E., the Jewish religious establishment had extended the requirements for priestly cleansing to non-Levites.
Such complex sculpturing enables seeds to catch the slightest wind current and ride thermos traveling long distances from their mother plants.
Tecoma stans is a species of flowering perennial shrub in the trumpet vine family, Bignoniaceae, that is native to the Americas.
The archosaur clade includes two surviving groups, crocodilians and birds, along with the various extinct groups of non-avian dinosaurs and pterosaurs.
The arrival of the crusade was a brief respite from the Lombard War; Filangieri remained in Tyre and did not participate.
The band Erato took home the awards for Best Pop Album, Pop Band of the Year and Song of the Year.
The coefficients of the terms with k > 1 of z − k + 1 in the last expansion are simply.
The farmers had brought five oxen and nine cows and twelve little sheep to the village; they wanted to sell them.
The following is a list of the heaviest living reptile species ranked by average weight, which is dominated by the crocodilians.
The news gathering and newscasts will have tentacles in every reach of the Internet. Interactives, podcasts, live streams, Tumblr, Facebook, Twitter.
The same study says that other religions collectively compose about 8% of the population, including Judaism, Buddhism, Islam, Sikhism, and Hinduism.
These advanced nanosatellite payloads mean SmallSats have grown up and can now help increase our knowledge about Earth and the universe.
The solitary tract conveys afferent information from stretch receptors and chemoreceptors in the walls of the cardiovascular, respiratory, and intestinal tracts.
The standard Japanese curry contains onions, carrots, potatoes, and sometimes celery, and a meat that is cooked in a large pot.
The transport of building materials was facilitated by scaffolding and a steam crane that lifted the material to the construction site.
The word champán in Spanish is not to be confused with achampañado, a colloquial term for the non-traditional method sparkling wines.
Third plea in law, alleging that the Decision fails to apply the correct legal standard thereby committing manifest errors of law.
Though these naturally sweet wines were traditionally the main focus of production, still wines too have always been produced in Roussillon.
Unlike television, print, and radio, social-media platforms like Facebook or Twitter are self-regulating - and are not very good at it.
When applied to the expectation value of an observable, the corresponding equation is given by Ehrenfest's theorem, and takes the form.
Acalypha hispida, the chenille plant, is a flowering shrub which belongs to the family Euphorbiaceae, the subfamily Acalyphinae, and the genus Acalypha.
A European deposit-insurance scheme in order to stem capital flight, a European source for financing bank recapitalization, and eurozone-wide supervision and regulation.
Albanian folk music is a prominent part of the national identity, and continues to play a major part in overall Albanian music.
All people testing positive for gonorrhea should be tested for other sexually transmitted diseases such as chlamydia, syphilis, and human immunodeficiency virus.
A new hearing must be held if more than one Judge who took part in the original hearing has to be replaced.
Archaeology supports the fact that a Judean king captive in Babylon was eventually released from prison and given an allowance of food.
Ashley Wednesday, star of the blockbuster Cube Theorem franchise, was spotted with pop rapper Conner4Real, leaving the exclusive New York City nightclub...
Bazalgette was a proponent of the use of Portland cement, a material stronger than standard cement, but with a weakness when over-heated.
Because of the desert's extreme aridity, only a few specially adapted mammal species live in the Atacama, such as Darwin's leaf-eared mouse.
Boxing is a combat form that is widely used in MMA and is one of the primary striking bases for many fighters.
Broken bones can happen during normal, everyday activity, such as lifting, or from minor injury that would not generally break normal bone
Campanula medium, common name Canterbury bells, is an annual or biennial flowering plant of the genus Campanula, belonging to the family Campanulaceae.
Child ballad 40, The Queen of Elfland's Nourice, depicts the abduction of a new mother, drawing on the folklore of the changelings.
Chili powder blends are composed chiefly of chili peppers and blended with other spices including cumin, onion, garlic powder, and sometimes salt.
Château Phélan Ségur lies in the commune of Saint-Estèphe in the Bordeaux region of France, neighbouring vineyards Château Calon-Ségur and Château Montrose.
Clay plaster is a mixture of clay, sand and water with the addition of plant fibers for tensile strength over wood lath.
Cornus sericea is a popular ornamental shrub that is often planted for the red coloring of its twigs in the dormant season.
German grenade launchers were indeed very effective in the conditions of urban combat, when the grenade launcher could fire at close range.
Gummatous syphilis or late benign syphilis usually occurs 1 to 46 years after the initial infection, with an average of 15 years.
Heat-resistant plaster is a building material used for coating walls and chimney breasts and for use as a fire barrier in ceilings.
Historically, sesame was cultivated more than 5000 years ago as a drought-tolerant crop and was able to grow where other crops failed.
However, the word 夷 was first used in Chinese history referring to the people South of Yellow River over 5,000 years ago.
I have found that two fundamental reasons largely account for a return to activity and for changes of attitudes, habits, and actions.
In 2011, DARPA, which has a modest (by defense standards) annual budget of $3 billion, slated $240 million for neuroscience research alone.
In addition to the play and books written about Henry Every, a successful ballad was also printed in England during his career.
In a new warning, the U.N.'s World Meteorological Organization said the world is becoming increasingly vulnerable to the impact of climate change.
In Argentina, Miguel received the Asociación de Cronistas del Espectáculo award for Latin Ballad Album by a Male Solo Artist in 1994.
Initially, Tiido was active for years as a radio journalist and was the Editor-in-Chief at Kuku Radio before entering the foreign service.
In response, Innocent III declared a crusade against Markward, alleging that he had made an unholy alliance with the Saracens of Sicily.
It also subtracted federal taxes, which fell from 19% of pretax income for middle-income households in 1980 to just 11.5% in 2010.
It is also quite likely that the European Biathlon Championships scheduled for the end of February will also have to be canceled.
My father loves to cook for the family and so whenever we have a special occasion, our house always hosts the party.
Om is often used in some later schools of Buddhism, for example Tibetan Buddhism, which was influenced by Indian Hinduism and Tantra.
On average, girls begin puberty around ages 10-11 and end puberty around 15-17; boys begin around ages 11-12 and end around 16-17.
On some of the narrow, winding mountain roads, you would be rewarded with breathtaking, ever-changing panoramic views of the land and sea.
On the night before Eid, people search for the new moon to mark the end of Ramadan and arrival of Eid ul-Fitr.
Overqualification is the state of being educated beyond what is necessary or requested by an employer for a position with the business.
PerpetuityARC, a Leicester based training provider, delivers certificate, diploma and advanced diploma qualifications via distance learning on behalf of the Security Institute.
Populus is a genus of 25-30 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae, native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Pulmonary infections can occur in infants born to women with active chlamydia infections, although the rate of infection is less than 10%.
Putting the motorcycle on and off its stand and moving it, without the aid of the engine, by walking alongside the vehicle;
Radio-broadcast receivers capable of operating without an external source of power, combined with sound recording or reproducing apparatus (excl. pocket-size radiocassette players)
Rafflesia arnoldii, commonly called the corpse lily or stinking corpse lily, is a species of flowering plant in the parasitic genus Rafflesia.
Reform was the major beneficiary of the Tory collapse, taking nearly 16% of the popular vote - a healthy increase from 1988.
Since the cosine is an even function, the coefficients for all the odd powers x, x3, x5, x7,... have to be zero.
The accessories for fastening to the roofing cover are not included in the set, as they depend on the roof coating material.
"The bourgeoisie joined with the working classes to fight for "proper participation" in the government for all sections and classes in society."
The ceilings are made from hollow reinforced concrete panels coated in mineral wool for sound dampening and with a concrete equalisation layer.
The children of my brother are always staying in my house because he and his wife are always very busy with work.
The electron beam impinges on the specimen and penetrates to a certain depth depending on the accelerating voltage and the specimen nature.
The name Kawa comes from the Polish word for coffee; a play on words, since Java is another familiar name for coffee.
The priest went into the confessional blindfolded, He didn't want to see the sinner; he wanted to guide him for his repentance.
The primary range of meanings of the Arabic word šarīʿah, derived from the root š-r-ʕ, is related to religion and religious law.
The right of every person to follow a religious conviction, or even none at all, must be safeguarded and respected by everyone.
These cylindrical carbon molecules have unusual properties, which are valuable for nanotechnology, electronics, optics, and other fields of materials science and technology.
These Indian Buddhist ideas, in various synthetic ways, form the basis of subsequent Mahāyāna philosophy in Tibetan Buddhism and East Asian Buddhism.
The severe economic shock caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the exceptional containment measures have had a far-reaching impact on the economy.
The Thin Red Line has become an English language figure of speech for any thinly spread military unit holding firm against attack.
The turbocharger is basically a compact and simple free shaft radial gas turbine which is driven by the piston engine's exhaust gas.
This book is the literary equivalent of Haribo sweets: you only want to eat one, but end up devouring the whole packet.
This tabloid television reporter came by the Talon today and he wanted to do an interview with me about the meteor shower.
To fulfil its mission, Interpol receives, stores, and circulates data to assist competent law enforcement authorities to prevent and combat international crime.
To help ensure the survival of this rare mammal, Mexico has created a nature reserve that embraces part of the vaquita's habitat.
Using the ideal gas law to replace p with nRT/V, and replacing ρ with nM/V, the equation for an ideal gas becomes.
Abstention from alcohol is a tenet of a number of religious faiths, including Hinduism, such as the Swaminarayans; Sikhism; Bahá'ís; Jains; and Meivazhi-ites.
According to New Testament scholar James Dunn, nearly all modern scholars consider the baptism of Jesus and his crucifixion to be historically certain.
After the 2010 general election, Eric Pickles was appointed Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government in a Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government.
A further important issue involves improving society's awareness of the adaptation measures by involving the mass media and the citizens in environmental issues.
A metallurgical assay is a compositional analysis of an ore, metal, or alloy, usually performed in order to test for purity or quality.
Approvals in accordance with Regulation No 117 for tyres within the scope of Regulation No 54 currently do not include wet adhesion requirements.
A section of a Bible printed in the 15th century by Johannes Gutenberg has been discovered in a church archive at Rendsburg, Germany.
Australian researchers are looking to Africa and the Middle East for drought- and heat-resistant crops as many grain farmers face another failed season.
Because it was a demonstration aircraft, the Bird of Prey used a commercial off-the-shelf turbofan engine and manual hydraulic controls rather than fly-by-wire.
(b) persons who might be called on to testify in investigations in connection with the offences under consideration or in subsequent criminal proceedings;
Building on this foundation, they set new limits and requirements for Judaism, giving direction for a day-to-day life of holiness without a temple.
But eurozone governments can change the structure of taxes in ways that stimulate private spending without reducing net revenue or increasing fiscal deficits.
Clinical signs and symptoms of C. trachomatis infection in the genitalia present as the chlamydia infection and is indistinguishable from a gonorrhea infection.
Each state gets a minimum of three electoral votes, regardless of population, which gives low-population states a disproportionate number of electors per capita.
Earth's climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activities.
Euphorbia characias, the Mediterranean spurge or Albanian spurge, is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae typical of the Mediterranean vegetation.
Extractive metallurgy is a branch of metallurgical engineering wherein process and methods of extraction of metals from their natural mineral deposits are studied.
For each choice of ℓ, there are 2ℓ + 1 functions for the various values of m and choices of sine and cosine.
For starters, the GPEI effort to interrupt poliovirus transmission could miss its latest target date; unfortunately, it would not be the first time.
For that reason the cutters burned the cane first, preferring the filth of working charred crops to the depredations of green, living cane.
He did not pretend to any affection for his employer, as he probably would have done had he been involved in any way.
However, where such organs are used for research purposes, this Directive only applies where they are intended for transplantation into the human body.
If tuberculosis or cancer is suspected, a small piece of the pleura may be examined under a microscope to make a definitive diagnosis.
In November, Instagram added live video functionality to Instagram Stories, allowing users to broadcast themselves live, with the video disappearing immediately after ending.
In professional wrestling, the referee's on-stage purpose is similar to that of referees in combat sports such as boxing or mixed martial arts.
... In quantitative terms, the use of revenues and costs and investments of Pärnu city and subdivisions budget in 2017-2018 will be analyzed...
In the Caribbean, ceviche is often made using mahi-mahi prepared with lime juice, salt, onion, green pepper, habanero, and a touch of allspice.
It is widely suspected that he wants to run for public office, and perhaps aims at the Republican candidacy for president in 2012.
Korean cuisine is probably best known for kimchi, a side dish which uses a distinctive fermentation process of preserving vegetables, most commonly cabbage.
Margrave Leopold the Generous (1136-1141) was a loyal liensman of the Imperial House of Hohenstaufen in the struggle against the Bavarian Welf dynasty.
Minefields laid with purpose-designed mines were used for the first time, destroying tank tracks, and forcing combat engineers to clear them on foot.
On 3 June 2014, after ten successful title defenses, the World Boxing Association officially elevated Golovkin from Regular middleweight champion to Super champion.
Other cut flowers and flower buds of a kind suitable for bouquets or for ornamental purposes, fresh, from 26 October to 30 April
Over the past year, the government has engineered the takeover of privately-owned media and other organizations by appointing government-approved trustees to run them.
Plasterers often use gypsum plaster to simulate the appearance of surfaces of wood, stone, or metal, on movie and theatrical sets for example.
Prunus serrulata is widely grown as a flowering ornamental tree, both in its native countries and throughout the temperate regions of the world.
Puberty occurs through a long process and begins with a surge in hormone production, which in turn causes a number of physical changes.
Rugby league games are controlled by an on field referee assisted by two touch judges, and often a video referee during televised games.
Sanicula maritima is a rare species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names adobe snakeroot and adobe sanicle.
Snowshoe hares are primarily found in boreal forests and upper montane forests; within these forests, they favor habitats with a dense shrub layer.
Some economists criticise the theory, stating that endogenous factors, such as government policy, are much more influential in economic growth than exogenous factors.
Sublimation cooling has been observed to operate on a planetary scale on the planetoid Pluto, where it has been called an anti-greenhouse effect.
The Administrative Board shall take its decisions on appointment or dismissal by a four-fifths majority of all members with the right to vote.
The Bible warns us on that someone might eat and drink the body and the blood of Christ for that persons own condemnation.
The Bill has been approved by the National Assembly and is receiving the attention of the Select Committee on Security and Constitutional Affairs.
The curriculum guidelines of comprehensive school, secondary school and vocational school have been or are in the process of being translated into Sami.
The Director of the BEREC Office shall take part in the deliberations, except those related to Article 32, without the right to vote.
The filling is made with a combination of cream cheese, crab meat or imitation crab meat, scallions or onion, garlic, and other flavorings.
The first Soviet missile was the R-1, a duplicate of the V-2 completely manufactured in Russia, which was first launched in October 1948.
The Florida mangroves ecoregion, of the mangrove forest biome, comprise an ecosystem along the coasts of the Florida peninsula, and the Florida Keys.
The following is one truth we could learn from this passage: Faithful followers of Jesus Christ have a sanctifying effect on their families.
The Governance Institute's Graduate Diploma of Applied Corporate Governance is the only applied postgraduate course in governance with higher education accreditation in Australia.
The habanero, chipotle, and garlic sauces include the tabasco peppers blended with other peppers, whereas the jalapeño variety does not include tabasco peppers.
The programme prepares experts with high level knowledge of environmental chemistry, microbiology, hydrobiology, water and atmosphere technologies, decontamination technologies and waste handling technologies.
The random number generator used for cryptographic purposes in version 1.1 of the Netscape browser was vulnerable, and was fixed in version 2.0.
The teacher was also impressed with Anna's behavior, praising her in front of the whole class for her good manners and modest dress.
The translation was made in favour of readability and literary style, as opposed to a more faithful one for the Russophonic readers' understanding.
They shall also encourage the use of decentralised plants for the use of renewable energy sources such as water, the sun and biomass.
This marine conservation area is home to many rare and endangered species such as the green sea turtle and the Hawaiian monk seal.
Though Hinduism is a little-practiced religion in Japan, it has still had a significant, but indirect role in the formation of Japanese culture.
Tiles, not of metal, for interior or exterior walls and floors, and in particular tiles of ceramic, granite, rubber, brick, clay or glass
Until he fell asleep behind the wheel of his Mercedez, with the help of a bottle of scotch and a handful of ludes.
Very finely ground cements are cement mixed with sand or with slag or other pozzolan type minerals that are extremely finely ground together.
When sharecropping, one has use of agricultural land owned by another person in exchange for a share of the resulting crop or livestock.
where applicable, the declared secondary nutrients calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), sodium (Na) or sulphur (S) by their chemical symbols in the order Ca-Mg-Na-S;
18.04.2008 The Open Estonia Foundation's annual Concord award goes to Radio Free Europe journalist Ahto Lobjakas and Radio 4 journalist Ivan Makarov this year.
Actor-turned-soldier Pilot Abilene was critically wounded during battle in Iraq yesterday by shrapnel from a grenade thrown by a soldier in his own unit.
Again, following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé re-released her 2008 cover of the song, the proceeds of which would go to charity.
All those parts of the total area belonging to the agricultural holding which constitute neither utilised agricultural area, unutilised agricultural area nor wooded area.
As a result of the rushed construction, a scaffolding collapsed on a group of workers on November 17, 1981, two months before the deadline.
As marine mammal species often play a large part in their ecosystems, it is possible that the sea mink was an important intertidal predator.
As you study this epistle, you can learn how to discern those who seek to turn disciples of Jesus Christ away from the faith.
A ticket sale and distribution system shall be provided which is completely free and does not involve any extra financial charge for the passenger.
Cement, chemically speaking, is a product that includes lime as the primary binding ingredient, but is far from the first material used for cementation.
Chamaebatia australis is a species of aromatic evergreen shrub in the rose family known by the common names southern mountain misery and southern bearclover.
Clickjacking tricks a web browser user into clicking on something different from what the user perceives, by means of malicious code in the webpage.
Concrete = cement + sand + aggregate + water = sidewalks + freeways + buildings + waterways + What would L.A. be without concrete?
Deserts are also classified, according to their geographical location and dominant weather pattern, as trade wind, mid-latitude, rain shadow, coastal, monsoon, or polar deserts.
Despite his Tory background, and personal connection to followers of William Pitt the younger, Rose came to join the Holland House set of Whigs.
Dish Network CEO Erik Carlson said blockbuster mergers like the Disney-Fox deal could severely limit the number of content companies providing to their customers.
Educated combat sports fans genuinely respect boxing and MMA, but let's be honest, there's a large group that would not fit into that category.
Given that Volvo Aero has only 2% market share in the large civil aircraft engine market, the aid would have a very limited impact.
HTML5 Audio is a subject of the HTML5 specification, incorporating audio input, playback, and synthesis, as well as speech to text, in the browser.
If I was gonna ask another person to be at this table tonight, this table of people I love, it would have been him.
In addition to developing our speaking and teaching abilities, we learn from the many spiritual gems that are found in its curriculum each week.
In korfball, it is the referee's responsibility to control the game and its environment, to enforce the rules and to take action against misbehaviour.
In many Eastern churches, some parish priests administer the sacrament of chrismation to infants after baptism, and priests are allowed to marry before ordination.
In mathematics, Pascal's pyramid is a three-dimensional arrangement of the trinomial numbers, which are the coefficients of the trinomial expansion and the trinomial distribution.
In my view, the presence of Muslims in Europe is not a question of Islam and the West, but an acute problem of integration.
In response to resistant weeds, farmers are hand-weeding, using tractors to turn over soil between crops, and using other herbicides in addition to glyphosate.
I wore my long leather duster, its mantle falling almost to my elbows, along with black fatigue pants, a sweater, and old combat boots.
Main equipment: 3 mines, sintering and coking facilities, 5 blast furnaces for ironmaking, BOF steelmaking systems in 4 steel works and 19 rolling mills.
My sister and I promised each other that we would still go on vacations during the holidays even if we are busy with work.
Organic standards require rotation of annual crops, meaning that a single crop cannot be grown in the same location without a different, intervening crop.
Prostrate aerial stems, called runners or stolons, are important vegetative reproduction organs in some species, such as the strawberry, numerous grasses, and some ferns.
Similarly, progress has been made on increasing access to clean water and sanitation and on reducing malaria, tuberculosis, polio, and the spread of HIV/AIDS.
Since the United States was settled by Europeans, it is not surprising that classical music and folk songs were brought over from that continent.
Small containers of plastic, in particular for lubricating oils and engine oils, anti-freeze, cleaning preparations, chemicals, detergents, commercial liquid products, and environmentally hazardous liquids
So, even if we were travelling at ten times the speed of light it would take at least a year to get to Earth.
Some prey animals such as zebra are marked with high-contrast patterns which possibly help to confuse their predators, such as lions, during a chase.
Stabilized garlic flavor blend is a proprietary mixture of dehydrated garlic powder infused with garlic oil, which increases the flavor of the garlic powder.
Terrorist networks use social media to prey upon the minds of our youth, endangering open societies and spurring anger against innocent immigrants and Muslims.
That is very dangerous, once we know that normal public debate on Islam and Islamisation can be interpreted as incitement to hatred of Muslims.
The adult saltwater crocodile's broad body contrasts with that of most other lean crocodiles, leading to early unverified assumptions the reptile was an alligator.
The bankruptcy application is assessed, the bankruptcy decision is taken, and the bankruptcy itself is processed in bankruptcy proceedings before the district court (tingsrätt).
The campaign launched against representatives of the mass media and opposition parties, along with the arrest and expulsion of journalists are serious, deplorable actions.
The differential equation is also invariant under a change from ℓ to −ℓ − 1, and the functions for negative ℓ are defined by.
The dynasty was founded by the Lithuanian Grand Duke Jogaila (Władysław II Jagiełło), whose marriage to Queen Jadwiga of Poland formed a Polish-Lithuanian union.
The Eastern Churches maintained the idea that every local city-church with its bishop, presbyters, deacons and people celebrating the eucharist constituted the whole church.
The effectiveness of the restriction on the number of cases of chromium allergy can be determined by monitoring cases of chromium VI-related allergic dermatitis.
The fishermen say they can tell the size of the school, and which way it's travelling from the vigour and direction of the dive.
The harvest of sea turtles and their eggs for food or any other domestic or commercial use constitutes a widespread threat to the species.
The nebula disk has an angular size of 1.5 × 1 arcminutes, making it too small to be resolved with 10 × 50 binoculars.
The Pali Abdhidhamma and Theravada Buddhism considered all existence as dhamma, and left the ontological questions about reality and the nature of dhamma unexplained.
The proposal will advance organ donation and transplantation procedures, with a final aim of increasing organ availability and decreasing mortality in organs waiting lists.
The real crisis of the EU and the monetary union is not financial but political - or, more precisely, it is a leadership crisis.
There are concerns drugs like Midol, which is a NSAID, increases risk of bleeding, kidney damage and has other negative effects on cardiovascular system.
The use of dogs in protecting livestock originated over 2,000 years ago, with their use being recorded as early as 150 BC in Rome.
The words of the Centurion are used in the Prayer of Humble Access contained in many Anglican, Methodist, Presbyterian, and other Christian Eucharist liturgies.
This body, which may be a court, shall have the appropriate expertise available to it to enable it to carry out its functions effectively.
Through these verses we learn that the emblems of the sacrament represent the body and blood of Jesus Christ, which He sacrificed for us.
Unlike its predecessors, Tamara was a mobile system deployed on eight large Tatra T815 trucks and mounted upon a powerful 25 m hydraulic mast.
We Catholics know that a priest cannot disclose the secret of the confessional, but the Protestants, the atheists, and the agnostics all say, Ridiculous!
What if the song's lyrics were words that you knew to be true, expressing thoughts that you knew to be important, joyful, and uplifting?
While travelling by plane you fly past various villages and cities at the sight of which realize how majestic and tremendous our planet is.
William suggested that the pope elevate William's invasion to that of a crusade, promising in return greater papal control over an errant English church.
You may be assured, I do not intend now to be schooled in my high office by illiterate farm hands, cobblers and basket weavers.
- 60% of the engine maximum torque for vehicles of category N3 > 16 tonnes, M1 > 7,5 tonnes, M3/III and M3/B > 7,5 tonnes,
Anthracite has a history of use in blast furnaces for iron smelting; however, it lacked the pore space of metallurgical coke, which eventually replaced anthracite.
Apparatus and equipment for carrying materials to be deployed in defence, weapon installations and decoy bandoliers for holding cartridges, ammunition cases, magazines, grenades and weapons
As I sat at the table my back was to the window, and my brother George, he being my partner at cards, was facing it.
But the second day of the tournament turned out to be the most successful for Team Russia - three medals were won on Tuesday alone.
Cattle trespass was an ancient common law tort whereby the keeper of livestock was held strictly liable for any damage caused by the straying livestock.
Chenopodium is a genus of numerous species of perennial or annual herbaceous flowering plants known as the goosefoots, which occur almost anywhere in the world.
Common sunflowers have been used as supporting plants to grow 'Piękny Jaś' climbing beans ever since climbing beans were first cultivated in the Dunajec valley.
Hinduism is an ancient religion with the largest religious grouping in India, with around 966 million adherents as of 2011, composing 79.8% of the population.
However, a review of Bible accounts shows that a man did not need to be a firstborn son to be an ancestor of the Messiah.
If multiple accounts are signed in to the same browser or device at the same time, your activity might be saved to the default account.
If the latency functions are linear, adding an edge can never make total travel time at equilibrium worse by a factor of more than 4/3.
In Dominican Republic cuisine, chimichurri or chimi is a hamburger topped with coleslaw and sauces; a sauce somewhat similar to Argentinean chimichurri is called wasakaka.
In Ecuadorian cuisine, sofrito is called refrito, and it is made of Spanish onions, cubanelle peppers, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic, cilantro, and ground toasted cumin.
In the 13th century, under the influence of Islamic culture, tigernut growing spread to the Mediterranean part of what is now the Community of Valencia.
In the late 18th century, Catherine the Great of Russia announced she would tour the southern part of her empire, accompanied by several foreign ambassadors.
In Vietnam where curry is called cà ri, curry features include coconut milk, potato, sweet potato, taro roots, chicken garnished with coriander, and green onion.
It's said that Japanese people's strong interest in seasonal climate changes is related to the influence in their thinking of how to effectively cultivate rice.
Linguists talk about metaphors as having entailments, which is essentially a way of considering all the implications of, or ideas contained within, a given metaphor.
Mokom, Hissène, and others were indicted by the CAR government for various criminal offenses, including murder, arson, torture, and looting, stemming from the failed coup.
Most of the interior walls are of brick with a smooth plaster finish and most rooms have simple cornices and a high, narrow picture rail.
Music was present almost universally in Greek society, from marriages and funerals to religious ceremonies, theatre, folk music and the ballad-like reciting of epic poetry.
Natural ecosystems, agricultural systems, water resources, and the benefits they provide to society are adapted to past climate conditions and their natural range of variability.
Now the process of finding the coefficients cj and cj+1 guarantees that they are also complex conjugates, which can be written as γ ± δi.
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Or as I like to call him, the corrupt prosecutor who convicted David, then rode a tide of public goodwill into that seat in congress.
Our knowledge of this is based mainly on a cuneiform text that came from the library of Ashurbanipal, who reigned 668-627 B.C.E., in ancient Nineveh.
Parsley is the main ingredient in Italian salsa verde, which is a mixed condiment of parsley, capers, anchovies, garlic, and sometimes bread, soaked in vinegar.
Peperomia obtusifolia, the baby rubberplant or pepper face, is a species of flowering plant in the family Piperaceae, native to Florida, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Small mammal species that inhabit along the trails are beaver, squirrel, river otter, chipmunk, porcupine, bobcat, two species of fox, boar, woodchuck, raccoon, and coyote.
Spinks went on to become the first world light heavyweight champion in boxing history to go up in weight and win the world heavyweight title.
The Catholic Church teaches that the bread and the wine are miraculously transformed into the literal body and blood of Christ -a doctrine called transubstantiation.
The cause of the transatlantic growth gap thus should not be sought in excessive eurozone austerity or the excessive prudence of the European Central Bank.
The conventional bucket of many skid loaders can be replaced with a variety of specialized buckets or attachments, many powered by the loader's hydraulic system.
The criteria for distinguishing building bricks from flags and tiles for paving or facing, are set out in the HS Explanatory Note to heading 6907.
The dominant religious beliefs during the Ming dynasty were the various forms of Chinese folk religion and the Three Teachings - Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism.
The May Constitution of 1791 enfranchised the bourgeoisie, established the separation of the three branches of government, and eliminated the abuses of the Repnin Sejm.
The oldest part of the city is called Madrid of the Austrias, dating from the Austrian, or Habsburg, dynasty of the 16th and 17th centuries.
There are many types of industries - Electronics Industry, Agriculture Industry and Chemical Industry, Manufacturing Industry, Cotton Industry, Steel Industry, Oil Industry and Mining Industry.
The Roman expansion brought the defeat of the Allobrogi in 121 BC and during the Gallic Wars in 58 BC Julius Caesar overcame the Helvetii.
These practices were not ancestor worship, nor were they based on the mistaken belief that the dead continue to influence the affairs of the living.
These same reports also show that in 2002, 56% of African-American students graduated from high school with a diploma, while 78% of whites students graduated.
The swastika symbol is common in esoteric tantric traditions of Buddhism, along with Hinduism, where it is found with Chakra theories and other meditative aids.
The TerraMax UVG package is designed to be integrated into any tactical wheeled vehicle, and is fully incorporated into the brakes, steering, engine and transmission.
This can never be accomplished in a monetary system, for the pursuit of profit is the pursuit of self interest and therefore imbalance is inherent.
This equation is based upon the carbon balance assumption (carbon atoms supplied to the engine are emitted as CO2) and determined through the following steps:
This tank received a new combat module located on the roof of the turret, consisting of a 12.7-mm machine gun and a 76-mm grenade launcher.
Traditional Afar music resembles the folk music of other parts of the Horn of Africa such as Ethiopia; it also contains elements of Arabic music.
When c ≠ 0, a mathematician would call the recurrence an affine transformation, not a linear one, but the misnomer is well-established in computer science.
"Without Britain, there won't be anybody in the EU to defend sanctions against us so zealously," Sergey Sobyanin, the mayor of Moscow, wrote on Twitter.
1,2-Propanediol ester of alginic acid; varies in composition according to its degree of esterification and the percentage of free and neutralised carboxyl groups in the molecule
A Cochrane systematic review published in 2013 evaluated four different alternatives regimens to INH monotherapy for preventing active TB in HIV-negative people with latent tuberculosis infection.
Advances in thrust vectoring technology and a shift in air combat tactics toward medium range missile engagements decreased the relevance of a highly agile fighter aircraft.
After cutting down a swath of rainforest, soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they cannot sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock.
Air Force four-star generals had ordered him not to put a Sparrow missile on the F-16 because they didn't want it competing directly with the F-15.
All of Presley's early singles featured a blues song on one side and a country song on the other, both sung in the same genre-blending style.
All the interior parts of this nebula have a blue-green tinge that is caused by the doubly ionized oxygen emission lines at 495.7 and 500.7 nm.
Another serious threat to the Tropical Andes is global warming, the effect of too much of greenhouse gasses trapped in the air that hold in heat.
An update around January 2008 changed elements of Gmail's use of JavaScript, and resulted in the failure of a third-party script some users had been using.
As of 2015 the rotor diameters of onshore wind turbine blades are as large as 130 meters, while the diameter of offshore turbines reach 170 meters.
A spring braking system shall be so designed that, in the event of a failure in that system, it is still possible to release the brakes.
As the ISO for the region, ERCOT dispatches power on an electric grid that connects 46,500 miles of transmission lines and more than 550 generation units.
C has both directly and indirectly influenced many later languages such as C#, D, Go, Java, JavaScript, Limbo, LPC, Perl, PHP, Python, and Unix's C shell.
Closer to the ground, ozone can also be created by photochemical reactions between the sun and pollution from vehicle emissions and other sources, forming harmful smog.
Control of the island of Cyprus would provide a highly strategic base of operations from which to launch and supply further Crusade offensives for King Richard.
Developing and conducting educational programs in the fields of health, sexual health, diet, nutrition, cancer and cancer prevention, diabetes and diabetes prevention, clinical and medical diagnosis
During an Instagram live chat on December 17, 2017, Shinoda was asked whether Linkin Park would perform with a hologram version of Bennington in the future.
Enercon supplies wind turbines to the British electricity company Ecotricity, including one billed as the UK's most visible turbine, an E-70 at Green Park Business Park.
Europe's robotics industry is highly successful, accounting for about a quarter of the global production in industrial robotics and 50% market share in professional service robotics.
Even in a narrow range of concentrations of mixtures of carbon and iron that make steel, several different metallurgical structures, with very different properties can form.
Eventually, in 1979, the rugged area that borders these two rivers and that conserved the original Mediterranean forest better than any other became a nature reserve.
For the wind turbine blades, while the material cost is much higher for hybrid glass/carbon fiber blades than all-glass fiber blades, labor costs can be lower.
Given two Ck-vector fields V, W defined on S and a real valued Ck-function f defined on S, the two operations scalar multiplication and vector addition.
He devoted a whole poem to the blueness of his victim's eyes, which the two policemen read out loud to one another through hysterical, tearful laughter.
His neighbour to the rear Richard Gunning, thought to have executed King Charles I, but local historians believe the actual culprit to have been Stubbers himself.
Historians have offered a variety of interpretations for why Rivers continued her role in a project that, by modern standards of medical ethics, was completely unethical.
However, in both studies, patients whose cancer was not affecting squamous cells had longer survival times if they received Alimta than if they received the comparator
If an appliance is equipped with safety and controlling devices, the functioning of the safety devices must not be overruled by that of the controlling devices
In India, within the context of Hinduism, the Summer Solstice, or Midsummer's day, takes place on the 21st of June and is known as the Uttarayana.
In Scottish folklore, the children might be replacements for fairy children in the tithe to Hell; this is best known from the ballad of Tam Lin.
Instead, it measured the pressures exerted by the pilot's hand and relayed that data, via electronic sensors, to hydraulic actuators in a newfangled fly-by-wire control system.
Mahāyāna is the dominant branch of Buddhism among the Kinh majority who follow the religion, while Theravāda is practised in almost entirely by the Khmer minority.
Many future applications of robotics seem obvious to people, even though they are well beyond the capabilities of robots available at the time of the prediction.
Of Chemical's $182.9 billion, the bank held about $82.1 billion of loans, including mortgage loans, other consumer loans, and commercial loans in the U.S. and internationally.
Oh, and I think those absorbent sweater vests actually hide the fact that you lactate every time you give one of your excruciatingly condescending pep talks.
Outsiders can assist - for example, with ideas for constitutional reform or voting procedures - but this should be done privately and as suggestions, not demands.
People who live in an oasis must manage land and water use carefully; fields must be irrigated to grow plants like apricots, dates, figs, and olives.
Percival is a Polish folk music band from Lubin, formed by musicians of folk-metal band Percival Schuttenbach due to their fascination with history and historical reenactment.
President Chissano won the presidency with a margin of 4% over the RENAMO-Electoral Union coalition candidate, Afonso Dhlakama, and began his five-year term in January 2000.
Retail services and wholesale services (including via the Internet) in relation to adhesives for wall tiles, building materials, in particular tiles (not of metal) and cement
Students in their final year at university may take part in the competition provided that their diploma is awarded by 31 July 2011 at the latest.
substances and mixtures for use in industrial processes not allowing for the emission of benzene in quantities in excess of those laid down in existing legislation.
That night the 100 head of cattle were driven up from the pasture and penned in a corral near the ranch-house for delivery in the morning.
The Commission shall present digitally updated list of the technologies included in VECTO, with a corresponding timeline every year and make it accessible to the public.
The core issue is burden-sharing across bondholders, citizens of the deficit countries, the EU, and, indeed, the rest of the world (via the International Monetary Fund).
The employment rate of older workers, which continued to climb to just over 40,2% has the largest gap to bridge towards the 50% target for 2010.
The functionality of the Windows XMLHTTP ActiveX control in IE 5 was later implemented by Mozilla, Safari, Opera and other browsers as the XMLHttpRequest JavaScript object.
The heart functions as a pump and acts as a double pump in the cardiovascular system to provide a continuous circulation of blood throughout the body.
The plant extracts industry has been developed in recent 20 years, and it is also a new industry between medicine, fine chemical industry and agricultural industry.
The runner-up for the job was Mitt Romney, who described Russia as America's "No. 1 geopolitical foe" when he was the Republican presidential candidate in 2012.
The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a case asking for adjustments to the life sentences of convicted criminals, because these days, how long is life?
the transfer is necessary in individual cases for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties; or
Vaughan Williams was a noted composer and arranger of music in the Anglican Church and a founder member of the English Folk Dance and Song Society.
Welcomes the project for the creation of a radio network broadcasting from Poland, Lithuania and possibly Ukraine, and calls on the Commission to support its implementation;
Zoophiles tend to experience their first zoosexual feelings during adolescence, and tend to be secretive about it, hence limiting the ability for non-Internet communities to form.
2 In the first century, there were many thousands in the Roman provinces of Judea, Samaria, Perea, and Galilee who personally did see and hear Jesus Christ.
A blast furnace is a type of metallurgical furnace used for smelting to produce industrial metals, generally pig iron, but also others such as lead or copper.
Accumulatio is a figure of speech, part of the broader group of enumeratio, in which the points made previously are presented again in a compact, forceful manner.
A concrete layer on the inner side of the dome forms the load carrying structure, which carries vertical loads as well as stockpile of the material stored.
Adolescence is the period of time whereby humans experience puberty, and experience anatomical changes to their bodies through the increase of sex hormones released in the body.
After casting the concrete, the floor must dry for at least 1-2 months or more (depends on the thickness of the concrete layer and the drying conditions).
A native Windows application offers similar functions to Bonjour Browser for Mac OS. Bonjour Browser for Windows is offered for free by Hobbyist Software and HandyDev Software.
Both versions are chanted on a daily basis by adherents of practically all schools of East Asian Buddhism and by some adherents of Tibetan and Newar Buddhism.
But when the cattle become weary and grow faint, the bones in their tales are broken in an effort to get them back up on their feet.
Cookies, which are files created by websites you've visited, and your browser's cache, which helps pages load faster, make it easier for you to browse the web.
C's string-literal syntax has been very influential, and has made its way into many other languages, such as C++, Objective-C, Perl, Python, PHP, Java, Javascript, C#, Ruby.
Decoction is a method of extraction by boiling herbal or plant material to dissolve the chemicals of the material, which may include stems, roots, bark and rhizomes.
Every day you should at least listen to a short song, read a good poem, look at a beautiful picture, and, if possible, say several intelligent words.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.
Foliage, branches and other parts of conifer (Pinales) plants, without flowers or flower buds, being goods of a kind suitable for bouquets or for ornamental purposes, fresh:
Goldfinger began the tradition of Bond theme songs introduced over the opening title sequence, the style of the song from the pop genre and using popular artists.
Government bonds are often seen to as risk-free bonds, because the government can raise taxes or create additional currency in order to redeem the bond at maturity.
Height adjusting devices shall be able to adjust the drawbar eyes or ball couplings from the horizontal above the ground at least 300 mm upwards and downwards.
However, in practical terms impeachment in the U.S. Senate requires a 2/3 majority for conviction, which is unlikely given that 55 out of 100 Senators are Republican.
I don't care about Christianity, Islam or other religions as they have been manipulated and no longer tell the truth about the real nature of this world.
Indian McDonald's serve the Chicken Maharaja Mac, a grilled chicken double patty with habanero sauce and Veg Maharaja Mac, cheese and corn double patty with cocktail sauce.
In the early 2000s, a series of blockbuster X-Men movies have kept the X-Men franchise healthy, and have resulted in a larger market presence outside of comics.
It is a story that differs by country and has substantial implications for global growth, fiscal stability in exporters and geopolitical tensions between Russia and the West.
Louis XII, and the emperor Maximilian, supported by the opponents of Pope Julius II, convened in Pisa a council that threatened the rights of the Holy See.
Member States shall ensure that the annual general meeting has the right to hold an advisory vote on the remuneration report of the most recent financial year.
Neoclarityn oral lyophilisate relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis (inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy, for example, hay fever or allergy to dust mites
On 15 October, the reflagged U.S. tanker Sea Isle City was struck by an Iranian Silkworm missile while at anchor near the oil terminal outside Kuwait City.
On April 14, 2018, Beyoncé included the song in the setlist of her concert at Coachella and as part of the resultant concert film and live album.
Online services regarding games,Namely providing computer, video, online and browser games and games programs for mobile phones and wireless communications apparatus via the Internet or global networks
Products composed mainly of plaster of Paris and a small amount of Portland cement are used for casting sculptures and other art objects as well as molds.
Several groups have been able to capture complex brain motor cortex signals by recording from neural ensembles (groups of neurons) and using these to control external devices.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it.
Sociologically speaking, Lord Vaikundar was the tenth avatar of Lord Narayana and first to succeed as a social renaissance as well as religious reformation in the country.
The competition for a female mate among males is considered intense, and it is not uncommon for a male amphibian to attack an already-amplexed pair of amphibians.
The Council requests Member States to continue to further enhance police cooperation in respect of football matches (and, where appropriate, other sporting events) with an international dimension.
°°° The Estonian authorities had given notice of the election of Urmas Paet to replace Andrus Ansip as Member of Parliament with effect from 3 November 2014.
The Great Hall has a barrel-vaulted ceiling made of plaster painted to look like timber and is a fine setting for the splendid collection of family portraits.
The medieval era texts of Hinduism, such as the Puranas adopt and expand the concept of Om in their own ways, and to their own theistic sects.
The practice entered the baptismal liturgy proper only as the catechumenate, rendered vestigial by the growth of routine infant baptism, was absorbed into the rite of baptism.
The Prague defeat was a cold shower for the pro-Putin breed of Russian patriots: This is not how hockey was played in the Soviet team's golden days.
There are currently units with specific names that emerged as volunteer battalions during the War of Independence: the Kuperjanov Battalion, the Kalev Battalion and the Scouts Battalion.
The Renaissance had less influence on French religious architecture; cathedrals and churches, for the most part, continued to be built or rebuilt in the Flamboyant Gothic style.
The Republican president-elect touted that he will "get along very well" with Putin and showered praise on the Russian leader, calling him a "better leader than Obama".
The Soviet Union invested some effort in the development of ruby and carbon dioxide lasers as anti-ballistic missile systems, and later as a tracking and anti-satellite system.
The test signal shall be a radio frequency sine wave, amplitude modulated by a 1 kHz sine wave at a modulation depth m of 0,8 ± 0,04.
The total dust concentration in the emissions into the air of a waste incineration plant shall under no circumstances exceed 150 mg/Nm3 expressed as a half-hourly average.
The use of the pound sign in IRC inspired Chris Messina to propose a similar system on Twitter to tag topics of interest on the microblogging network.
This subheading includes copper manganite (CuMnO3) which is used in gas-masks to oxidize carbon monoxide to carbon dioxide, and copper bis(hydrogenmanganite) (Cu(HMnO3)2), which is even more effective.
Travelling to London in the corner of a first-class carriage Mr Entwhistle gave himself up to somewhat uneasy thought over that extraordinary remark made by Cora Lansquenet.
Vice-President The Romanian authorities had given notice of the election of Emilian Pavel to replace Corina Creţu as Member of Parliament with effect from 1 November 2014.
When the compacted mass of the inert core exceeds the Chandrasekhar limit of about 1.4 M☉, electron degeneracy is no longer sufficient to counter the gravitational compression.
When the sequence of signals is repeated in the table for 701 points, points 700 and 0 coincide in time at an amplitude of a = 0:
(14) Bioethanol and biodiesel, when used for vehicles in pure form or as a blend, should comply with the quality standards laid down to ensure optimum engine performance.
A class of astronomical sources where synchrotron emission is important is the pulsar wind nebulae, a.k.a. plerions, of which the Crab nebula and its associated pulsar are archetypal.
ADFA's academic education is run by the University of New South Wales, and it offers awards at the Diploma, Associate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Master's Degree, and Doctorate levels.
Among the festivals in the region are the Great Northern Arts Festival, the Snowking Winter Festival, Folk on the Rocks music festival in Yellowknife, and Rockin the Rocks.
A new study suggests that regularly seeing certain endangered species depicted as cartoons or toys can give the public a false perception that the animals' populations are secure.
A Programme of study consists of a combination of compulsory and optional courses, which leads to a certificates, certificate of advanced study, diploma, degree or a postgraduate degree.
As diploma mills are typically licensed to do business, it is common practice within the industry to misrepresent their business license as indicating government approval of the institution.
A special case of a ballistic trajectory for a rocket is a lofted trajectory, a trajectory with an apogee greater than the minimum-energy trajectory to the same range.
As Voyager enters a nebula, the crew begins to suffer from intense pain, and one crewmember dies from burns on his skin; only Seven of Nine is unaffected.
Caramel syrup is used to provide colour to brews and can either be added in the wort kettle or at filtration when needed to correct low beer colours.
Electronic apparatus for controlling and regulating machines, apparatus and installations for the treatment of materials with the aid of microtechnology and nanotechnology, in particular laser microtechnology and nanotechnology
Even though short text strings might be a problem, sentiment analysis within microblogging has shown that Twitter can be seen as a valid online indicator of political sentiment.
For example, it is estimated that crimes such as embezzlement and fraud cost at least ten times as much as the combined cost of burglary, robbery, and theft.
From 1531, Mary was often sick with irregular menstruation and depression, although it is not clear whether this was caused by stress, puberty or a more deep-seated disease.
GAP has produced national land cover and protected areas datasets, which it uses to assess the conservation status of mammal, bird, reptile, and amphibian species in the U.S.
"He stops at the same place on the road, opens his trunk, and throws the dead crow onto the road, mumbling to himself: "Didn't need it after all.
If you ingest high levels of harmful organisms, the ENS protects the body by triggering powerful contractions that expel most of the toxic matter through vomiting or diarrhea.
In general, the injury pattern in MMA is very similar to that in professional boxing but unlike that found in other combat sports such as judo and taekwondo.
In Limbu cuisine, sargemba or sargyangma is a type of blood sausage made mostly from pork intestines, pork fat, rice and yangben, a type of edible wild lichen.
Learn robotics fundamentals from the world renowned professors at the GRASP (General Robotics, Automation, Sensing and Perception) Laboratory, one of the top robotics research centres in the world.
Mung bean sprouts are stir-fried as a Chinese vegetable accompaniment to a meal, usually with garlic, ginger, spring onions, or pieces of salted dried fish to add flavour.
Nearly all the stars that we can see at night are so far from us that they remain mere points of light when viewed through the largest telescopes.
One way to define a Liouville number is to consider how small a given real number x makes linear polynomials |qx − p| without making them exactly 0.
On July 3, 2009, Palin announced that she would not run for reelection in the 2010 Alaska gubernatorial election and would resign before the end of the month.
Persons and entities providing financial services or the transfer of assets or resources that could contribute to the DPRK's nuclear-related, ballistic-missile-related or other weapons of mass destruction-related programmes
Research looking at the duration of urination in a range of mammal species found that nine larger species urinated for 21 ± 13 seconds irrespective of body size.
Temperature greater than or equal to 266 K (- 7°C) and less than or equal to the temperature determined by the following equation at the specified atmospheric pressure:
The applicant furthermore submits that because Renault has an approximate 20% shareholding in Volvo, Renault controls approximately 20% of Ainax which in turn controls approximately 25% of Scania.
The ingredients of Mediterranean cuisine are to an extent different from those of the cuisine of Northern Europe, with olive oil instead of butter, wine instead of beer.
Then raising his hat in graceful salutation-more than half directed towards the travelling carriage-he gave the spur to his steed; and once more bounded off over the prairie.
This Finland's first satellite built in Otaniemi, the Aalto-2 nanosatellite is the first successful Finnish-built satellite despite that there has been space technology in Finland for several decades.
Thousands of tablets written in cuneiform give us a clear picture of life in the ancient civilizations of Sumer and Akkad and in the famous city of Babylon.
You will be exposed to real-world industry projects and industry-oriented learning via industry visits, guest lectures by captains of industry and actual industrial projects by major industry players.
(4) the relevance of the metabolites OR13 and OR15, and the corresponding groundwater risk assessment, if oryzalin is classified under Regulation (EC) No 1272/2008 as suspected of causing cancer.
About 88 million cases of gonorrhea occur each year, out of the 448 million new cases of curable STI each year - that also includes syphilis, chlamydia and trichomoniasis.
Acacia lobulata, commonly known as Chiddarcooping wattle, is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to a small area of south western Australia.
After debuting with an award-winning acting performance, Lee etched her singing career by introducing techno genre to the K-Pop scene and her ever-reinventing styles for each and every song.
And why this is an amazing time to be a math teacher right now is because we have the tools to create this high-quality curriculum in our front pocket.
Any engine system covered by this section shall be designed, constructed and installed so as to be capable of meeting these requirements over the useful life of the engine
Any textile product containing two or more textile components which have different textile fibre contents shall bear a label or marking stating the textile fibre content of each component.
As aircraft performance increased in the mid-20th century, the amount of force required to operate mechanical flight controls became excessive, and hydraulic systems were introduced to reduce pilot effort.
As children reach adolescence, the period of time between age 13 and 19, the dynamics of the parent-child relationship change as peer groups are now the focus of attention.
Browne's directorial credits include a piece called An Evening of Negro Poetry and Folk Music at the Delacorte Theatre and the Public Theatre in New York City in 1966.
From 1959 to 1963, as part of Project Emily, the base was a launch site for three nuclear-armed PGM-17 Thor intermediate-range ballistic missiles, operated by No. 240 Squadron RAF.
From a political perspective, with GPS being fully operational in the early 1990s, the European Union saw the need for Europe to have its own global satellite navigation system34.
Generous crops can be grown in both sandy soil and heavy loams, but the ideal soil is a sandy loam, i.e., a mixture of organic matter, clay and sand.
If you want to apply, you must register via the Internet by going to the website: https://ec.europa.eu/dgs/human-resources/seniormanagementvacancies/CV_Encadext, and follow the instructions there concerning the various stages of the procedure.
In a league match against West Ham on 28 August, Agüero struck opponent Winston Reid in the throat with his arm, an incident which went unpunished by the referee.
In Brazilian cuisine, the verb refogar also encompasses dishes that are fried in vegetable oil before being boiled or steamed, even when the actual fried seasoning is not there.
In the 2016 Census, the most common responses for religion in the Sydney Inner West were No Religion, 31.7%, Catholic 27.4%, Not stated 9.4%, Anglican 6.9% and Hinduism 5.4%.
In the category human resources (10.1% of all investment in Objective 2 regions), workforce flexibility, entrepreneurial activity, innovation, information and communication technologies are the main fields of investment (30.8%).
"It is a humbling experience to come here and spend time listening to instruction," Brother Swingle said, adding: "You go away from here much better equipped to magnify Jehovah."
It is the true body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, under the bread and wine, for us Christians to eat and to drink, instituted by Christ Himself.
Most historians see liberalism in the doldrums in the 1950s, with the old spark of New Deal dreams overshadowed by the glitzy complacency and conservatism of the Eisenhower years.
Negotiations may start at any time after that deadline has expired if no request for a vote in Parliament on the decision to enter into negotiations has been made.
On 10 November 2016, the then Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das announced a new ₹20 banknote would be released in the Mahatma Gandhi New Series in the coming months.
Originally built with Microsoft's own proprietary browser engine EdgeHTML and their Chakra JavaScript engine, Edge was rebuilt as a Chromium-based browser in 2019, using the Blink and V8 engines.
Testing device for medical purposes, such as Patch Testing chambers for the diagnosis of contact allergy and for allergy and irritation testing of cosmetic prepartions and skin care products
The Czech word robot is now found in most languages worldwide, and the word pistol, probably also from Czech, is found in many European languages, such as Greek πιστόλι.
The results of the survey show that 71% consider that joint decisions and joint actions are the best way of preventing and of fighting crime throughout the European Union.
Vivekananda was one of the main representatives of Neo-Vedanta, a modern interpretation of selected aspects of Hinduism in line with western esoteric traditions, especially Transcendentalism, New Thought and Theosophy.
We got a guy on trial who was wrongfully convicted on bad eyewitness testimony, and you don't tell me that the kid waffled on the ID or the time.
227 g ball test The purpose of this test is to assess the adhesion of the interlayer of laminated glass and the mechanical strength of uniformly-toughened glass and plastic glazings.
After her divorce from Napoléon, Joséphine received Malmaison in her own right, along with a pension of 5 million francs a year, and remained there until her death in 1814.
"After one brother lost his wife in death and he faced other painful circumstances, he said: "I learned that we cannot choose our tests, neither their time nor their frequency.
A panel of judges rebelled against the rules of a prestigious literary award by naming both Margaret Atwood and Bernardine Evaristo the winners of the 2019 Booker Prize in London.
d) where all or part of the trace element is chemically linked with an organic molecule, the name of that element is then followed by one of the following qualifiers:
Flaring Technology After putting a F37 flange onto a seamless hydraulic tube or pipe, the tube end will be flared to 37°, what also explains the name of this technology.
In China, Chicken McNuggets can come with the traditional barbecue, sweet and sour, honey and hot mustard sauces; or even a special chili garlic sauce, which is popular in China.
In coordination with the European Union Centres of Excellence, two experts on ballistic missile non-proliferation from the implementing agency and an EU expert will conduct field missions in targeted countries.
It's hard to see Putin losing in the election - 315 of 450 seats in the Duma are held by the conservative United Russia party which supports Putin and Medvedev.
Minimum standards for the definition and content of refugee status should be laid down to guide the competent national bodies of Member States in the application of the Geneva Convention.
On the basis of the data presented, the Authority concluded that a cause and effect relationship had not been established between the consumption of Kinder Chocolate and the claimed effect
Psychotria nervosa, also known as Seminole balsamo or wild coffee, is a shade tolerant medium-sized shrub native to Florida as well as the West Indies and Central and South America.
Since 1995, he is believed to have had command of an elite army battalion in charge of Qadhafi's personal security and to have a key role in External Security Organisation.
The component shall be secured in an apparatus and vibrated for 2 hours at 17 Hz with an amplitude of 1,5 mm (0,06 in) in each of three orientation axes.
The flower festival is a tourist and cyclotourist initiative held at the start of the fruit-growing season when the fruit trees spring back into life, come into bud and blossom.
The Italians launched their attack on October 28, 1940, and at a meeting of the two fascist dictators in Florence, Mussolini stunned Hitler with his announcement of the Italian invasion.
The notices for that publication must include the information set out by that Directive, and in particular in Annexes XIII, XIV, XV A, XV B, XVI, XVIII and XIX thereto.
Theorem - Let p be a sublinear functional on a real vector space X and let z ∈ X, Then there exists a linear functional f on X such that.
This natural barrier between the Mediterranean coast and the city of Narbonne is very well defined and was an island until the thirteenth century when the Narbonne plain was drained.
Tigers are recorded to have killed more people than any other big cat, and tigers have been responsible for more human deaths through direct attack than any other wild mammal.
Until recently only a few benthic species of shark, such as hornsharks, leopard sharks, catsharks, and zebra sharks, had survived in aquarium conditions for up to a year or more.
When the eigenvalues are repeated, that is λi = λj for some i ≠ j, two or more equations are identical; and hence the linear equations cannot be solved uniquely.
A base is also defined as a molecule that has the ability to accept an electron pair bond by entering another atom's valence shell through its possession of one electron pair.
Academics are based on the Singapore Primary Curriculum leading to the iPSLE, and the IGCSE, IB Diploma Programme, and the IBCC, the school transit from MYP to IGCSE Programme by 2012.
A generalized description of nanotechnology was established by the National Nanotechnology Initiative, which defines nanotechnology as the manipulation of matter with at least one dimension sized from 1 to 100 nanometers.
And as far as six years ago goes, my attorney informs me that, in the state of Nevada, the statute of limitations on assault, even with a gun, is two years.
A sea shanty, chantey, or chanty is a genre of traditional folk song that was once commonly sung as a work song to accompany rhythmical labor aboard large merchant sailing vessels.
Blast furnaces used in the ISP have a more intense operation than standard lead blast furnaces, with higher air blast rates per m2 of hearth area and a higher coke consumption.
By taking communion we get closer to God; God meets us in the bread and wine - the bread being the body of Christ and the wine the blood of Christ.
Classification under heading 8424 as a mechanical appliance for projecting, dispersing or spraying liquids is excluded, as the product does not contain any mechanism for projecting, dispersing or spraying the liquid.
Cunila origanoides - common names stone mint, frost mint, dittany, and American dittany - is a perennial late-summer-flowering subshrub with small purple flowers, which is native to the Eastern United States.
Dizziness, sensory disturbances (including paraesthesia), sleep disturbances (including insomnia and intense dreams), agitation or anxiety, nausea and/or vomiting, tremor, headache, irritability, diarrhoea, hyperhydrosis and vertigo are the most commonly reported reactions
Due to the water situation, most of Xinjiang's population lives within fairly narrow belts that are stretched along the foothills of the region's mountain ranges, where irrigated agriculture can be practised.
For an angle of an integer number of degrees, the sine and the cosine may be expressed in terms of square roots and the cube root of a non-real complex number.
He personally participated in inhuman and degrading treatment of opposition activists in the KGB detention centre in Minsk after the crackdown on the post-election protest demonstration in Minsk 19 December 2010.
In a more general setting, a subset T of a topological vector space V is a total set or fundamental set if the linear span of T is dense in V.
Machinery intended for use with foodstuffs or with cosmetics or pharmaceutical products must be designed and constructed in such a way as to avoid any risk of infection, sickness or contagion.
Other low-church Anglicans believe in the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist but deny that the presence of Christ is carnal or is necessarily localised in the bread and wine.
Panels, boards, tiles, blocks and similar articles of vegetable fibre, of straw or of shavings, chips, particles, sawdust or other waste of wood, agglomerated with cement, plaster or other mineral binders
Promotion of goods and services provided by third parties by providing a website featuring coupons, special offers and discount information, product and services reviews, links to the retail websites of others
Silica fume is a byproduct in the carbothermic reduction of high-purity quartz with carbonaceous materials like coal, coke, wood-chips, in electric arc furnaces in the production of silicon and ferrosilicon alloys.
Tanaka was highly expected to be the staff ace of Team Japan in the 2013 WBC, but poor form in the build-up to the tournament led to concern over his performance.
The Community legislator has the power to take the criminal-law measures that are necessary to guarantee the full effectiveness of the rules it lays down on the protection of intellectual property.
The costs of a new roof vary greatly, depending on factors such as the selected roof profile and coating, the installer doing the work, the complexity and location of the project.
The Greek euro tragedy is reaching its final act: it is clear that either this year or next, Greece is highly likely to default on its debt and exit the eurozone.
The polar ice sheet is moving at a rate of roughly 10 metres per year in a direction between 37° and 40° west of grid north, down towards the Weddell Sea.
The rules for the acquisition of ammunition and for possession of ammunition containing a single projectile shall be the same as those for the firearms for which the ammunition is intended.
Too often, we picture this problem as a giant boulder sitting at the bottom of a hill, with only a few hands on it, trying to roll it up the hill.
Well, perhaps, some scientists have suggested it was a chunk of antimatter from space annihilated on contact with the ordinary matter of the Earth disappearing in a flash of gamma rays.
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world,
According to Voight's curriculum vitae from Pennsylvania State University, he has published more than 400 papers or abstracts and edited 15 books, and his works have been cited more than 9,000 times.
A semi-evergreen shrub that can grow to a small tree, it features sharply toothed, opposite green leaves that are pinnate unpaired, with 3 to 13 serrate, 8 to 10 cm long leaflets.
Curry powder is a spice mixture of widely varying composition developed by the British during the days of the Raj as a means of approximating the taste of Indian cuisine at home.
Electrical metallurgical plant building covers so-called level 0 automation (electricity supply and traction), actual automation (levels 1 and 2) and the more recent area of IT solutions for drive logistics/MES (level 3).
In commercial terms, the European Union is the third largest export destination for New Zealand after Australia and Japan (€ 2.7 billion) and its second largest supplier of imports (€ 2.4 billion).
It's not the Cuban missile crisis, but the last time the U.S. was setting up interballistic missiles on the Russian border was when John F. Kennedy was in power back in 1961.
Its peacetime strength was 6,149 officers and 94,170 men, and it was well equipped by Balkan standards, possessing 126 field batteries, fifteen howitzer batteries and three mountain batteries, mostly made by Krupp.
Mike Carey was chosen to be the head referee for this game, marking the first time that an African American has been chosen to be the head official in a Super Bowl.
Since the dissolution of the USSR, Russia has been a major destination for refugees and economic migrants from neighbouring countries as well as a country with large numbers of internally displaced persons.
The island of Cyprus was conquered in 1191 by King Richard I of England during the Third Crusade, from Isaac Komnenos, an upstart local governor and self-proclaimed emperor of the Byzantine Empire.
The phrase # 3559685 by Soweli_Elepanto made me think that Zamenhof gave the adverb name in Esperanto the meaning of exactly, due to the Russian word именно, possibly derived from имя (name).
"uther, insisting on a literal interpretation of Jesus' words, "This is my body," believed that the body and blood of Christ were miraculously present in the bread and wine served at Communion."
Above the Arctic Circle, an extreme case is reached where there is no daylight at all for part of the year, up to six months at the North Pole itself, a polar night.
Although it was once thought to be the deepest canyon in the world, Colca Canyon (Cañon del Colca), twice as deep as the Grand Canyon, is the second deepest after nearby Cotahuasi Canyon.
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.
Every steam pipe and every fitting connected thereto through which steam may pass shall be so designed, constructed and installed as to withstand the maximum working stresses to which it may be subjected.
However, under some of the aid codes or frameworks for particular industries or particular types of aid, individual notification is required of all awards of aid or of awards exceeding a certain amount.
In that context, he is responsible for the atrocities and serious human rights violations committed against Rohingya population in Rakhine State in the second half of 2017 by the 8th Security Police Battalion.
It is therefore essential for people to be aware of these risks and be able to assess if it's fake news or real news and what is a troll and what is not.
Local authorities should also consider using fibre core networks that have been or are being constructed to link up public entities (schools, libraries, clinics) in order to bring high-speed connections to unserved communities18.
Preparations for the relief of diarrhea, cold and flu medicine, colds medication, pharmaceutical preparations for the relief of throat and mouth soreness, pharmaceutical preparations for the treatment of the respiratory tract and sinuses
Providing access to various media, namely digital stock photography, archival photographs, art, clip art, news images, digital animation, video clips, film footage, illustrations, graphic designs, and audio data, via an interactive computer database
The old asphalt-concrete layer is crushed by cold milling and either transported to the storage area (when it is necessary to change or improve the base course) or spread evenly on the road.
The subspace theorem states that if L1...,Ln are linearly independent linear forms in n variables with algebraic coefficients and if ε>0 is any given real number, then the non-zero integer points x with.
They are formed by heating shale or clay to a high temperature (more than 1 000°C) in a kiln, changing the structure of the shale or clay to make a solid, durable brick.
After the county had been handed over to the Habsburg dynasty in 1363 upon the abdication of Margaret, Countess of Tyrol, in 1420, Duke Friedrich IV of Austria moved the Tyrolean court to Innsbruck.
Between June 16 and June 27, 2011, one song from 4 each day was available to listen to on Beyoncé's official website, together with its accompanying photographs from the album packaging and a quote.
Intellectual property rights governing EU research and innovation funding are decisive for efficient exploitation and technology transfer, while at the same time they need to ensure access to and rapid dissemination of scientific results.
I therefore call on the European Commission to recognise the characteristics of the Mediterranean forest and to propose an action plan designed to protect it and to make better use of its natural resources.
The Banking System is the backbone of the local economy with a balance sheet of $152 billion at the end of 2012, nearing 3.5 times the GDP estimated at $43 billion by the IMF.
When r is a nonnegative integer, the binomial coefficients for k > r are zero, so this equation reduces to the usual binomial theorem, and there are at most r + 1 nonzero terms.
It shall be possible to operate the coupling heads safely within the free space of the coupling ball given in Figures 25a and 25b, up to angles of α = 25o and β = 60o.
My son has been in jail since 1977, and I am 78 and suffer from high blood pressure and diabetes; I am losing my sight and cannot really get around my own home any more.
Now Moses fed the sheep of Jethro, his father in law, the priest of Madian: and he drove the flock to the inner parts of the desert, and came to the mountain of God, Horeb.
The regulatory framework for the circulation of criminal evidence within the European Union should be completed as swiftly as possible so that the judicial authorities only have to use one instrument in the same investigation.
Although it is still possible to use the verbose syntax, the current version of the language fully supports OO dot syntax, so that the code looks more like standard programming languages such as JavaScript or C++.
Any human being who faithfully believes in One Immortal Being; ten Gurus, from Guru Nanak to Guru Gobind Singh; Guru Granth Sahib; the teachings of the ten Gurus and the baptism bequeathed by the tenth Guru.
"Happiness or related mental states like hopefulness, optimism and contentment appear to reduce the risk or limit the severity of cardiovascular disease, pulmonary disease, diabetes, hypertension, colds and upper-respiratory infections," says a report in Time magazine.
No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed.
Other heterocyclic compounds with nitrogen hetero-atom(s) only, containing an unfused imidazole ring (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure, in the form of peptides and proteins which are directly involved in the regulation of immunological processes
Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations, including such for use in the treatment and prevention of cancer, metastases, oncological and cell-proliferative diseases, disorders, and conditions, especially pharmaceutical preparations comprising platinum agents for use in the treatment of cancer
So I got myself all decked out in my highest heels and my lowest cut dress... and I walked down to that supper table... and those boys looked at me as if I was stark naked.
(6) Where a fan or blower may be disengaged, the net engine power shall first of all be stated with the fan (or blower) disengaged, followed by the net engine power with the fan (or blower) engaged.
Following a period of volcanism 1.1 billion years ago, Minnesota's geological activity has been more subdued, with no volcanism or mountain formation, but with repeated incursions of the sea, which left behind multiple strata of sedimentary rock.
The species is found throughout Australia, where it is the most widespread native mammal, and in coastal and highland regions of eastern New Guinea, where it is known as the mungwe in the Daribi and Chimbu languages.
As Party to the UNESCO Convention on the Protection and the Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions15, the EU is committed to integrating the cultural dimension as an element in its relations with partner countries and regions.
Replacement brake lining assemblies intended for use in friction brakes forming part of a braking system of vehicles of category M, N, L and O which have a type-approval in accordance with Regulation No 13, 13-H or 78.
The year had begun with high expectations for political reform among pro-democracy groups, with an estimated 100,000 Hong Kong citizens marched peacefully through the streets on 1st January expressing their will to participate more in politics and government.
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
For 2008, the general government deficit is estimated at 3,2% of GDP in the Commission services' interim forecast, which is 0,3% worse than the figure contained in the programme but confirmed by the above-mentioned letter on 6 February (3).
Furthermore, it fails to refer to personal data relating to criminal convictions, which are undoubtedly very relevant in the context of police and judicial cooperation, and does not provide for specific safeguards with regard to biometric data and DNA-profiles.
In the case of renewables, up until now it has only been possible to use hydropower and biomass to generate electricity at the level dictated by demand, whereas wind and solar energy are characterised by a limited, weather-dependent availability.
The children especially liked those things where they could do something - biathlon, figure skating, cycling close to the ceiling, and driving a car - but, in time, they eventually visited all of the exhibits, learning how something worked.
Any slice parallel to either of the axes, through the Fourier operator, is a complex exponential, i.e. the real part is a cosine wave and the imaginary part is a sine wave of the same frequency as the real part.
A. whereas climate change is one of the major challenges of the 21st century, having significant negative global environmental, economic and social repercussions with potentially catastrophic consequences, and whereas climate change differs from the other environmental problems facing the world
Formulae to be applied where two components (a + b) are removed from a specimen, leaving as residue the third component (c), then two components (b + c) are removed from another specimen, leaving as residue the first component (a):
During the Finnish War between Sweden and Russia, the four Estates of occupied Finland (Nobility, Clergy, Bourgeoisie and Peasants) were assembled at Porvoo (Borgå) by Tsar Alexander I, the new Grand Duke of Finland, between 25 March and 19 July 1809.
It is defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the caesium frequency Δν Cs, the unperturbed ground-state hyperfine transition frequency of the caesium 133 atom, to be 9,192,631 770 when expressed in the unit Hz, which is equal to s-1.
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
The coastal area of Flanders was flooded twice per day from the 3rd century to the 8th century by the North Sea at the time when the coast was frequently visited by Frisian (cattle) traders and probably largely inhabited by Frisians.
Building boards, building blocks, bricks, hollow bricks, cavity blocks, chimney blocks, mortars, plasters, clay for bricks, roof tiles, pan tiles (not of metal), covering components for buildings (not of metal), brick earth, expanded clay gravel, stone ware, goods of clay and cement
Marketing years should be fixed for cereals, rice, sugar, dried fodder, seeds, olive oil and table olives, flax and hemp, fruit and vegetables, bananas, milk and milk products, and silkworms, mainly adapted to the biological production cycles of each of those products.
Tubes meeting the requirements of ISO Standard 3304 and the related national standards are used for applications such as hydraulic or pneumatic circuits, shock absorbers, hydraulic or pneumatic screws, and generally for the fabrication of parts for motor vehicles, motors or machines.
Communications, namely news agencies, transmission of information by radio, telephone, telegrams and data transmission, and by remote processing of all kinds, by videotext, and in particular via computer terminals, computer peripheral devices or electronic and/or digital equipment, in particular via videophone or video-conferencing
Overall CO2 emission reduction targets have not yet been set for the Commission, but within the framework of EMAS, the Commission is examining and analysing the total volume of its CO2 emissions, and will set overall emission reduction targets within the year 2008.
Since the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986, the Community has developed standards setting contamination limits for foodstuffs and feeding stuffs following a nuclear accident (1), as well as arrangements for the early exchange of information in the event of a radiological emergency (2).
The ceramics industry directly employs 300 000 people and covers a wide range of products ranging from brick and roof tiles, clay pipes, wall and floor tiles, through sanitary ware and table and decorative ware to abrasives, refractory products and technical ceramics (5)
3.4.1 The ceramics industry directly employs 300 000 people and covers a wide range of products ranging from brick and roof tiles, clay pipes, wall and floor tiles, through sanitary ware and table and decorative ware to abrasives, refractory products and technical ceramics (6).
Information on traffic rights and their use on routes between Finland and States which are not Members of the European Union and with which Finland has concluded air traffic agreements is available from the Civil Aviation Administration's aviation policy unit, and on the Administration's website (http://www.ilmailulaitos.fi).
It is not surprising that young people who have left school early (one in six) or who have not completed secondary 9.8.2008 education (one in four young adults aged between 25-29 (12)) encounter greater difficulty in finding work than young people who are more highly qualified.
In the case of 10 or more applicants, a list of all their names and addresses should be attached to the application and sent to the Registry by email to tfp.greffe@ curia.europa.eu at the same time as the application, indicating clearly the case to which the list relates.
I believe that the best solution, which is in fact already part of Polish law, would be that in circumstances where a person is convicted of a deliberate crime, the court should also decide to deprive them of public rights, meaning that the person in question cannot stand for election.
On 15 March 2001, a resolution of the European Parliament on access to drugs for HIV/AIDS victims in developing countries noted the inclusion of a commitment to tiered pricing in the Commission's programme for action and called for a system allowing developing countries equitable access to medicines and vaccines at affordable prices.
Level D corresponds to a diploma certifying successful completion of training at post-secondary level of at least three years' duration, at a university or establishment of higher education or another establishment providing the same level of training, as well as the professional training which may be required in addition to that post-secondary course.
Commission Decision 2008/866/EC of 12 November 2008 on emergency measures suspending imports from Peru of certain bivalve molluscs intended for human consumption (2) was adopted as a result of contamination with the hepatitis A virus (HAV) of certain bivalve molluscs imported from Peru which were identified as being at the origin of an outbreak of hepatitis A in humans.