abortion
accused
AIDS
alcohol
alcoholism
Allergy.
ammunition
amnesty
amputation
anaconda
ancient
and
animal
archeology
army
arsonist
asshole
barbarians
barbecue
battle
bear
Beaver
bird
blackmail
bleeding
bombing
bro
bronchitis
burial
Byzantine
camel
can
Catholic
cave
chameleon
child
cigarettes
cinema
colonel
combat
computer
Congratulations!
conqueror
cool
cough
court
crazy
crime
criminal
dad
damn
danger
death
defendant
Defense
dentist
detective
diabetes
diagnosis
disco
dislocation
division
do
doctor
dude
duke
each
eight
elephant
e-mail
emergency
emperor
enemy
epilepsy
Era.
evolution
exciting
explosion
feudal
fever.
fine
five
four
fox
front
GIRAFFE.
goat
Goodbye
guilty
handcuffs
headquarters
Health
hello
Help!
hero
Hi
HISTORY
horse
Hostage
hotel
how
idiot
if
ILLEGAL
immunity
in
INDIGENOUS.
infection
injury
Internet
invader
investigation
judge
JUSTICE.
kidnapping
king
kingdom
kitten
knight
lamb
large
law
lawyer
leopard
lion
mammoth
marijuana
Maybe
minefield
missile
mission
month
mother
mouse
murder
musketeer
nine
No
of
officer
one
operation
ORDER.
other
ouch!
out
pain.
panda
paratrooper
parent
patient
Period
pharaoh
pharmacy
PIGEON
pirate
Please
PNEUMONIA.
police
poodle
predator
prehistoric
primitive
prince
princess
prison
pulse
puma
punishment
puppy
queen
rabbit
Raccoon.
Rape
recruit
reinforcement
restaurant
retreat
robbery
Romans
rooster
royal
said
sentence
sergeant
seven
sickness
six
sniper
soldier
Sorry
sparrow
squirrel
Stop!
STRATEGY
symptom
tell
ten
terrorism
the
their
thief
three
tiger
time
toilets
toothache
tribe
two
unbelievable
vaccination
victim
Vikings
vomiting
war
warrior
we
weapons
website
Welcome
whale
Why
witness
yeah
year
Yes
beautiful girl
Bronze Agе
civil war
concentration camp
crime scene
death penalty
disabled person
domestic animals
drug addict
e-mail address
Excuse me!
FOOD POISONING
Go away!
Good afternoon
Good evening
Good luck!
Good morning
Good night
grass snake
hand grenade
Happy Birthday
Happy Easter
heart attack
Ice Agе
I'm from...
I understand
Joseon dynasty
jury trial
Land mine
life imprisonment
machine gun
medical treatment
Merry Christmas
Middle ages
Mum baked.
oh man
polar bear
police station
post office
railway station
Roman Empire
runny nose
see you
shut up
Stone Age
Thank you
to arrest
to attack
to betray
to hijack
web page
What animals?
Are you married?
Call the police!
Cats catch mice.
Cows eat grass.
declaration of war
Do you understand?
Get well soon
God is everywhere.
Happy New Year
How are you?
I am sorry
I don't know
I don't understand
I love you
I miss you
in ancient times.
I play golf
Is it raining?
It is cold
It is hot
It is sunny
Leave me alone!
Medical alert bracelet.
My name is...
Parties are fun.
prisoner of war
Sannie plays tennis
She loves cats.
Spill the beans
To be drunk
to get burned
Tom got wounded.
Tom may die.
Tom never cooks.
Try this sauce.
What's your name?
Do you like sports?
Do you speak Afrikaans?
Do you speak English?
Eagles have enormous wings.
Giraffes' necks are long.
Have a good journey!
Have a nice day
Have a nice meal
Her speech was excellent.
Hold on a second
How much is this?
How was your day?
I also kissed Tom.
I am from London
I caught a cold.
I hate my mother-in-law.
I'm interested in literature
I read a lot.
Is Mary your wife?
It's not brain surgery.
It was cloudy yesterday
I visited art galleries
I won't be blackmailed.
Mary is Tom's sister.
My eyes are sore.
My parents are retired
Of course, Miss Hamilton.
Please answer my question.
Pleased to meet you
Please say that again
Please speak more slowly
Please write it down
Smoking affects our health.
Strong leadership was needed.
The children are sleeping
the last feudal dynasty
The radio is broken.
This factory produces toys.
This is my friend.
This machine doesn't work.
to be at war
To hide mischievous plans
Tomorrow will be cold.
Tom watched television yesterday.
to stab to death
We are under occupation
We have two kids.
We're opposed to war.
Where are you from?
You must be joking!
Your parents are nice
All the cats played happily
Be kind to little animals.
Be polite to your parents.
Did the kids play cricket?
Doctor, I have health insurance.
Do you believe in God?
Do you have a brother?
Do you have a dog?
Do you have a sister?
Do you read Tom's blog?
Do you wake up early?
Foxes are moderately quiet animals.
He was refused medical treatment.
I am 30 years old
I can play the guitar
I can't play the piano
I don't love her anymore.
I have a large family
I have an intelligent brother
I'm afraid of wild animals.
I never read the newspaper
I read the newspaper everyday
I walked my dog everyday
I was born in London
I went into the army.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds
My children really like animals.
My girlfriend lives in Madrid
Oh, thank you, my dear.
She is interested in photography
Speak to me in Afrikaans
THE ARMY HAD TO RETREAT.
The army quelled the rebellion.
The children are not sleeping
The dogs scratch their head
The investigation's already under way.
The people are very friendly
There are no broken bones.
The snow has begun melting.
THE SPECIAL FORCES PARATROOPER GUY.
They are making a salad.
They interfered with the investigation.
Today the weather is bad
Tom has a good imagination.
Tom has a well-trained dog.
Tom has been quite helpful.
Tomorrow I go the museum
Tom wants to become famous.
We are under his command.
We must destroy the evidence.
What's your favorite leisure activity?
When do you meet friends?
Where does your grandmother live?
A fact you can't argue with
All is well that ends well.
ANIMALS LIKE THAT ARE EASILY MANIPULATED.
Are you running in the marathon?
A thousand meters is one kilometer.
Daisy Hamilton was a private detective.
Everyone has the right to education.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Germany then had a powerful army.
Health is the most important thing.
He goes to church on Sunday
He invested 500,000 yen in stocks.
He must look after the grandchildren
He was drafted into the army.
His crime deserved the death penalty.
How do you say... in Afrikaans?
I am familiar with his music.
I am listening to the news
I am listening to the radio
I can't bend my right arm.
I'd like to see the doctor.
I make breakfast in the kitchen
I'm arresting you for trespassing and...
I'm falling in love with you.
I'm really flattered to hear that.
Is that law still in force?
I've just bought a new computer
I was up all night brainstorming.
I was your mother's first boyfriend.
Joanna was at the doctors yesterday
Layla's conflicting testimony confused the court.
Many know of his equation E=mc2.
Marie en Piet, julle is welkom.
Maybe you should see a doctor.
My major is medieval European history.
My mother is a Polish woman
Nobody tells me what to do.
Our best friend is a doctor.
Our refrigerator is out of order.
Park the car in the shade.
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
Predators or any other dangerous things?
She gave all the cats food
She never listens to classical music
Small mistakes cause too many troubles.
Thank you for your beautiful postcard.
The army advanced up the hill.
The army took over the government.
The dog is in the house.
The film was long and interesting
The girl is afraid of dogs.
The Industrial Revolution on Continental Europe
The Israeli army shoots Palestinian ambulances.
The moon moves around the earth.
The next night the retreat started.
These trees were planted by them.
The walls were painted light brown.
The wind is blowing very hard.
They're from a local indian tribe.
They will look at the animals
This gentleman will pay for everything
This lady will pay for everything
This song is easy to learn.
Tom has a very good memory.
Tom is an extremely charming guy.
Tom seldom writes to his parents.
Tom turned on the right blinker.
Visitors may not feed the animals.
We must separate politics from religion.
We went to the swimming pool
Where exactly will it be built?
Yes, I belong to a church
A dog was running after a cat.
A hundred years is called a century.
Ancient people worshiped many gods and goddesses.
And has the jury reached a verdict?
Apples are usually green, yellow, or red.
A rather unattractive woman entered the office.
Depriving prisoners be judged by a jury.
DO YOU WANT ME TO ARREST YOU?
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Fresh air is necessary to good health.
Have you informed the police about it?
He is well acquainted with ancient history.
He likes to practice sport a lot
I don't have much interest in cooking.
I had hoped we might become friends.
I have two cats and a dog
I like cats best of all animals.
I'm a soldier with the confederate army.
I'm surprised that building is still standing.
In ancient times, plagues killed many people.
In Europe, occupation came under two forms.
I thought Tom might be your boyfriend.
I've enjoyed good health all my life.
I want to be that doctor's patient.
I was born on 20 June 1945.
I went to university to study law
I wouldn't be too sure about that.
Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto launched the battle.
Just look out for the friendly guy.
Local police could be processing it now.
Mandela was in jail a long time.
My army will be here by sundown.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
My older sister plays the guitar well.
My uncle has been diagnosed with leukemia.
On the weekend I usually go swimming
On Thursday I sing in a choir
Ping pong is also called table tennis.
Properly used, certain poisons will prove beneficial.
Sami couldn't escape punishment for the crime.
The cook is sitting in the kitchen.
The food didn't taste all that bad.
The frog is lying on the table.
The jury acquitted him of the crime.
There are many animals to see there.
There's too much salt in this soup.
The rules are predicated on the Constitution.
The Supreme Court overturned a previous decision.
Tom doesn't like people who manipulate others.
Tom won't be making a speech today.
Tom wouldn't be interested in this job.
We anticipated where the enemy would attack.
We don't want you to hurt yourself.
When did the barbarians first invade Rome?
When I was lecturing on Roman history?
Which sport do you like the most?
A madman is not accountable for his actions.
Ancient astronomers noticed constellations and gave them names.
Animals have four paws and often twenty toe.
Archaeologists have found an ancient tomb in Egypt.
A sedentary life-style is harmful to your health.
Athletes practise all year just for the Comrades.
A white panda bear with bright cyan eyes.
Crossing the river was a piece of cake.
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
During the war, he served in the army.
Every day I watch television for two hours
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He died as he was returning to England.
He was in the army for thirty years.
I am in my room listening to music
I consider paracetamol to be an ineffective medicine.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were particularly funny.
I don't like to see animals cruelly treated.
I don't want to talk about my child.
I have a perforated duodenal ulcer surgery, nurse.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I like the slow rhythm of that song.
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.
I'm assuming that it won't be a problem.
I only know a few words of Afrikaans
I spend a day in bed with flu
I taught a little bit about Chinese history.
I thought you might be interested in this.
I was at the cinema together with Karolina
I went to the scene of the crime.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't come.
January is the first month of the calendar.
My boyfriend started a new job last week
My brother went to university to study physics
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
Please take all of your medicine as prescribed.
Present-day Slovenia has been inhabited since prehistoric times.
Sami is suffering immensely with different health issues.
Suddenly the camcorder made a strange whirring sound.
Thanks for your support, I really appreciate it!
The army abandoned the town to the enemy.
The army surrendered its arsenal to the enemy.
The cough went away without any medicine needed.
The court found him guilty of stealing money.
THE KANGAROO MOUSE LIVES IN THE NEVADA DESERT.
The pension is not sufficient for living expenses.
The police set out to solve the crime.
There are lots of animals in the park.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
There is no American military base in Algeria.
The two towns are separated by a river.
The West Bank is under Israeli military occupation.
This house is too small to live in.
This medicine doesn't have any harmful side effects.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
Tom assumed Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom isn't planning to come home for dinner.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet, looking for aspirin.
Tom read an article about the solar system.
Tom sat by the window, reading a book.
Whatever you do, don't drop your new phone.
What was the last concert you went to?
Why don't you all just take a seat?
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.
You're the most beautiful girl in the world.
You should call the dentist for an appointment.
You should have a doctor examine your condition.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
A new ancient pyramid has been discovered in Egypt.
Blackmail may also be considered a form of extortion.
Blood pressure is important as a barometer of health.
Britain began to industrialise in the late eighteenth century.
Consider, first, the imaginary part of the ★-genvalue equation.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
Could I talk to you alone for a second?
Do you want to go to a party tonight?
During the breeding time, the hamster may become aggressive.
Human habitation in Anatolia dates back to the Paleolithic.
I believe he is not guilty of the crime.
If you commit a crime, you must be punished.
In ancient times letters were inscribed on clay tablets.
In autumn some animals store food for the winter.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
In the afternoon I watched a film with friends
It's a crime the way he treats his children.
I want to talk to you about something else.
I won't be ready to do that until Monday.
My flat has two rooms a kitchen and bathroom
Nobody needs us to hunt wild animals for food.
No matter what he may say, don't trust him.
One of the most beautiful animals is a cat.
Some birds migrate to warmer regions in the winter.
Spying was part of Sami's job in the military.
That company has been very successful up to now.
The commanding officer led his army into enemy territory.
The girl in the blue coat is my daughter.
The Guanche people are descendants of ancient Berber people.
The horse never refuses to gallop to its stall.
The hummingbird is the smallest bird in the world.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
The Middle Ages had ended, the Enlightment had begun.
The military has a very strict chain of command.
The nurse applied a medicine to the affected part.
The people want the fall of the Military regime.
There are a lot of fires in the winter.
There are many kinds of animals in the zoo.
There's so much I want to say to you.
The US military have no overseas base in Algeria.
Today the weather is nice, but yesterday was horrible
Tom's surgery lasted three hours longer than they expected.
Tom was wearing what looked like a military uniform.
Vikings arrived at the end of the 8th century.
we're looking forward going to the zoo with you.
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in?
Why would you want to do something like that?
You can turn on the heater if you're cold.
You can use my car, if you want to.
Acetamiprid is an organic compound with the chemical formula C10H11ClN4.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
Anything you say can be used against you in court.
Birds lay eggs and out of these come their chicks
Both pets have three life stages; kitten/puppy, adult and elder.
Do you plan to join us for a drink afterwards?
France in the Middle Ages was a de-centralised, feudal monarchy.
General Lee and the Confederate Army lost the great battle.
He also makes copious use of the smiley face emoji.😄
His heart was weak and he needed constant medical supervision.
I checked into a hotel and went right to sleep.
I didn't know that you could speak French so well.
I had to walk there because my car broke down.
I have always identified hard work with success in life.
Indigenous people were the first inhabitants of the West Indies.
In the summer I like to go to the beach
It was a rather shabby-looking, bearded man of about fifty.
Like the military uses camouflage to blend into their surroundings?
Megaliths are huge stone monuments built during the Neolithic period.
New facts about ancient China have recently come to light.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
Out of twenty students, only one has read the book.
Picasso is considered the greatest painter of the twentieth century.
She is proud of never having been late for school.
She killed a hamster thinking that it was a mouse.
Silver dichromate is a chemical compound with the formula Ag2Cr2O7.
The chameleon changes color depending on where it finds itself.
The court condemned the man to death by lethal injection.
The dentist started ripping the tooth out of Mennad's mouth.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
The Islamization of Berbers began in the 7th century AD.
The officer ordered the soldiers to attack the fortified position.
The Pantheon is the best preserved ancient monument in Rome.
The period is missing at the end of the sentence.
The police established where he was when the crime occurred.
There is a relatively low level of crime in Algeria.
The returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle.
These spiders, like many undomesticated pets, can bite when provoked.
The short-beaked common dolphin is known to inhabit coastal waters.
The soldiers forced the young men to join the army.
The Spanish tried to invade Algeria in the 16th century.
The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.
The US doesn't have an overseas military base in Algeria.
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight.
We haven't really decoded a lot of ancient Tifinagh inscriptions.
We recommend cutting off all further contact with the rebels.
What's the real reason you don't want to do this?
When he came to, he was lying in the park.
When was the last time you went to the cinema?
Why don't you come over tonight and watch some football?
Yesterday at this time, we were at the movie theater.
You need to take this medicine three times a day.
After a long investigation, the police finally captured the suspected arsonist.
Animals can get entangled in debris or mistake it for food.
A number of ancient and medieval inscriptions used the Vikram Samvat.
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
Canada has forty-three species of reptile, including turtles, lizards, and snakes.
Crime rates have been consistently decreasing over the past few decades.
Do you want to go for a walk in the evening?
I don't think I could spend six hours alone with you.
I don't think that it would be legal to do that.
I hate to interrupt you, but I need to say something.
I know that Tom and Mary were more than just friends.
I like grapes, but I can't eat too many of them.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
In the evening we go to the pub for a beer
I think that most people want to do the right thing.
Just because something is legal, it doesn't mean that it's ethical.
Land covers about 30 percent of the surface of the earth.
Many soldiers of the regular troops train with the special forces.
Mary says birds wake her up every morning in the summer.
Mary says she will do that whether it's legal or not.
My medical opinion is that this tumor needs to come out.
"Oh Lorna - I've found you at last!" said Mrs. Humphries.
Something in his bloodstream triggered a massive heart attack after surgery.
The bison is now the national mammal of the United States.
The car bombing was reported in both local and international media.
The Europeans began exploring the Americas in the late 15th century.
The German army made a final effort to defeat the Allies.
The largest land mammal extant today is the African bush elephant.
The legal system in the United States is the world's finest.
The military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital.
There are two types of animals so far: domestic and wild.
These X-ray specs will really take the guesswork out of surgery.
Tom might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
We have lost a battle, but we will win the war.
All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
Are you sure you want me to help you with your homework?
By the early 20th century, Algeria was completely colonized by the French.
Can you solve the equation N3 - 6 × N2 = 0?
For several months after the robbery the thieves kept a low profile.
Human history has consistently been characterized by war, injustice, oppression, and suffering.
If the symptoms get worse, you'll have to consult a medical professional.
It has a variety of more exotic things: animals, cars, zebras, giraffes.
Layla launched a legal action to gain custody of her three children.
Modifying fish to make them more attractive as pets is increasingly controversial.
My friend sent me a letter to find out how I was.
My husband is not interested if Lorna has been kidnapped or not!
My parents must have called the police when they saw I disappeared.
Numerous mammal species live on the islands, notably raccoons, agouti and mongoose.
The Federal Constitution contained a list of fundamental rights guaranteed to everyone.
The great blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
The verdict of this court is murder by person or persons unknown.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living with her parents.
Tom went for a walk and took pictures of things he saw.
Unlike birds, which feed and shelter their young, fish abandon their eggs.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
And a neurological disorder, low-grade fever, nausea, and peripheral muscle weakness that can't.
Archaeological excavations indicate that Vietnam was inhabited as early as the Paleolithic age.
As time went on, people grew less and less concerned about the matter.
Despite medical advances, ectopic pregnancy remains a significant cause of maternal mortality worldwide.
Do you think it should be legal for citizens to possess a gun?
Egyptian began to be written using the Greek alphabet in the 1st century.
He wants to develop the country's military more during the next few years.
I don't know if I've ever told you, but you have beautiful eyes.
If you really want to know, all you have to do is ask.
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.
In French-speaking parts of Canada, the campaign is done under the hashtag #MoiAussi.
Meclizine is effective in inhibiting nausea, vomiting, and dizziness caused by motion sickness.
No need to worry, just antelope, bunny rabbits and other cute little animals:)
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.
She held the kitten like a mother gorilla would hold her own baby.
Social status was becoming increasingly based on the size of feudal land possessions.
Solve this cubic equation: x³ + 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
The ancient Greeks knew as much about the solar system as we do.
The children always played the computer game loudly in the room to relax.
The detective was accused of planting evidence at the scene of the crime.
The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest military honor.
The system is set up to handle generalized problems like burglary and robbery.
The US is the only country that attacked innocent civilians with nuclear weapons.
This article analyzes both the benefits and the drawbacks of reducing military spending.
This man is a police officer in the crime squad, not a criminal.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
Which solutions does the equation x² - 6x - 27 = 0 have?
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
Look, if he gets violent all you have to do is call the police.
Many Algerian military officers were sent to France and Russia to take advanced courses.
My brother works hard but he does his work very well and enjoys it.
My office has headed up an investigation into numerous charges within the police department.
On average, a civil war with interstate intervention was 300% longer than those without.
Russia has been reportedly using blinding laser weapons during its military intervention in Donbass.
She is still in the hospital, is still weak but looks better than yesterday.
The dentist told me that he has to pull out three of my teeth.
The offence of blackmail is created by section 87 of the Crimes Act 1958.
They were about to discover some of the most exquisite formations ever seen underground.
We got caught in the middle of a civil war between two midrange colonies.
You didn't know that you were supposed to do that by yourself, did you?
Animals, domestic or wild are a critical component of any wild or designed sustainable ecosystem.
Are there any animals or insects that you are afraid of or feel uncomfortable with?
Domestic mice sold as pets often differ substantially in size from the common house mouse.
Humans have inhabited the island since at least 130,000 years ago, during the Paleolithic age.
In the past, the boys were taught to fend for themselves while still very young.
I was hoping that you could fax over some medical records of a deceased patient.
Manchester's longitude and latitude coordinates in decimal form are 42.486046, -91.457227 along the Maquoketa River.
MR. VARGAS HAD AN ENLARGED AORTA, POSSIBLY THE RESULT OF RHEUMATIC FEVER AS A CHILD.
Napoleon Bonaparte is considered to be one of the greatest military geniuses of world history.
Natural predators of the sandbar shark include the tiger shark, and rarely great white sharks.
Polish soldiers carry ammunition to the front lines just before the capture of the abbey.
Recruitment into the military became more and more difficult as the war grew increasingly unpopular.
Since you have a sore throat and a fever, you should probably stay in bed.
That area has alot of beautiful mountains and there is a reasonable amount of wildlife.
The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia began its Retreat from Gettysburg on July 4, 1863.
The parrot fish is one of the most visible and attractive fish of the reef.
The pigeye shark is an apex predator that mostly hunts low in the water column.
The U.S. has been supporting the intervention by Saudi Arabia in the Yemeni Civil War.
What is legal is not always just, and what is just is not always legal.
What was supposed to be a targeted military operation deteriorated into wholesale slaughter of civilians.
As the years went by, the three feudal lords and their extensive territories became increasingly autonomous.
Bilateral relations between the India and Syria are historic where the two have ancient civilizational ties.
If you return to this area, I will personally ensure your conviction for theft and blackmail.
It's a pretty minor surgery so the doctor will probably only give you a local anaesthetic.
It warned that Israel was massing troops on the Israel-Syria border in preparation for an invasion.
Mary waits for the medical report feeling nervous but hopeful that she does not have cancer.
Moreover, a reduction in the production of nuclear weapons could liberate substantial resources for peaceful uses.
Mr. Ranjee, do you think you could lend me a camcorder for a couple of days?
On Chinese social networks, hashtags #WoYeShi or #metoo are sometimes used to denote the #Metoo hashtag.
Police reports claim there is a clear lead of investigation following the identification of one kidnapper...
Pulmonary rehabilitation is a program of exercise, disease management, and counseling, coordinated to benefit the individual.
The clinical evidence for the effect of acupuncture in the treatment of SAR is still controversial.
The end of the Middle Ages brought with it a waning of interest in King Arthur.
The expansion of the Roman Empire wiped out a considerable number of the original European languages.
The red deer, one of five native deer species, is the biggest non-marine mammal in Wales.
There is no domestic legislation that organizes marital laws, including in the context of property management.
We have the equation - 16= (x/4) + 2 and we need to solve for X.
We want to go camping next weekend and also hiking, do you feel like coming along?
Without that certainty, I cannot allow a jury under my purview to subvert the first amendment.
A range of generic animals has been produced, including a turtle, pig, puppy, kitten, frog, and hippopotamus.
Archeological excavations have shown that the area of Tudela has been populated since the lower paleolithic era.
Dentist said cut back on the gummy bears and come back in six months for a cleaning.
Dolphins are sometimes hunted in places such as Japan, in an activity known as dolphin drive hunting.
During the last period of the sickness male patients have lesions but my skin will remain smooth.
He was arrested on March 24 and was sentenced to 14 days of arrest on March 30.
If aspirin will ease my headache, I will take a couple tonight instead of this horrible medicine.
In 937, Irish pirates sided with the Scots, Vikings, Picts, and Welsh in their invasion of England.
It wasn't that Daisy was fat, she was just average, but certainly not paper-thin, like most models.
Magnetite is a rock mineral and one of the main iron ores, with the chemical formula Fe3O4.
Older people are more prone to sickness, and the cost of health care in retirement is large.
Sorry, but I don't think we'll be able to make it, my girlfriend doesn't feel so well.
The Algerian military insists it will not allow the country to fall back into a civil war.
The females of all mammal species can by definition produce milk, but cow's milk dominates commercial production.
The indigenous populations of Brazil were the first people known to have used ground tobacco as snuff.
Therefore I will add, the least obstacle you make, I shall consider as a declaration of war.
The tiger's closest living relatives were previously thought to be the Panthera species lion, leopard and jaguar.
Australian troops after digging up a German land mine along Bita Paka Road during the New Guinea Campaign.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the term lockdown was used for actions related to mass quarantines or stay-at-home orders.
During the occupation of Japan, the GHQ banned performances of the story, charging them with promoting feudal values.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I got caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
I need to prove that the original defense lawyer neglected to tell the jury about mitigating circumstances, period.
Mr. Wilder the court concedes you have paid various taxes nevertheless a jury trial is not called for.
Other theories include the Anatolian hypothesis, the Armenian hypothesis, the Paleolithic Continuity Theory, and the indigenous Aryans theory.
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
Police are seeking witnesses to the armed robbery of a fast food outlet at 11 o'clock last night.
Prehistoric sites of palaeolithic, mesolithic and neolithic origins have been discovered in the Siwalik hills of Dang district.
Rabies may also spread through exposure to infected bears, domestic farm animals, groundhogs, weasels, and other wild carnivorans.
The eastern grey kangaroo is the second largest and heaviest living marsupial and native land mammal in Australia.
The largest bombing raid against the capital of Finland, Helsinki, occurred on the first day of the war.
The legality of his act is not in doubt for me, because everything he does is completely legal.
The lion is dangerous and we can't just let it loose to run around all over the place.
The Pennsylvania sentencing guidelines required a minimum sentence for a crime like this of two years, 24 months.
The police are urging the public to not approach the man, as he is considered armed and dangerous.
The separatists would threaten foreigners with legal proceedings and would threaten Berber activists with violence and even death.
According to the police investigation, Tom was at the scene of the crime at the time of the event.
An ancient bronze mirror studded with glass beads was discovered in the tomb looted by the robbers centuries ago.
Birds and mammals are warm-blooded animals because they can keep their body temperatures constant regardless of the surrounding temperatures.
Headaches are the primary symptom used to diagnose altitude sickness, although a headache is also a symptom of dehydration.
In this world, there are people who take advantage of legal loopholes to do things that are almost illegal.
Moreover, this sort of tomb was not so very rare a thing in the cities of the Middle Ages.
On Facebook and Instagram, users participated by posting a single photo of a black square alongside the hashtag #blackouttuesday.
Since 1990 our understanding of prehistoric Europeans has been radically changed by discoveries of ancient astronomical artifacts throughout Europe.
Sodium metasilicate is the chemical substance with formula Na2SiO3, which is the main component of commercial sodium silicate solutions.
The type of mastectomy a patient undergoes depends on numerous factors, including whether the patient intends undergoing reconstructive surgery.
THIS MEANS YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH DISPUTES RESOLVED IN COURT BY A JUDGE OR JURY.
When I arrived in Sri Lanka in October 1996, the country was in the throes of a civil war.
A 2016 Department of Defense report found that nearly three-quarters of young Americans are unfit to serve in America's military.
After rewriting the articles the court had ruled as unconstitutional, the parliament sent the bill back last week for reconsideration.
After that he will prescribe some treatment, pills, tablets or some other medicine which we can buy at the chemist's.
Although the United States has some of the most modern weapons in the world, it has won very few wars.
And I've taken these pills of which one of the side effects should be extreme paranoia about the side effects.
Australian little penguin colonies primarily exist on offshore islands, where they are protected from feral terrestrial predators and human disturbance.
Beavers, along with pocket gophers and kangaroo rats, are castorimorph rodents, a suborder of rodents mostly restricted to North America.
Because every mammal's teeth are specialised for different functions, many mammal groups have lost teeth not needed in their adaptation.
Chronic diseases caused by age-related degeneration of the organs include high blood pressure, cardiovascular stroke, diabetes, arthritis and Alzheimer's disease.
During the War of Independence the main cities and their surrounding countrysides became provinces though the intervention of their cabildos.
Female birds exposed to predators during ovulation produce chicks that grow their wings faster than chicks produced by predator-free females.
From the point of view of human archaeology, the last glacial period falls in the Paleolithic and early Mesolithic periods.
In the case of a constant φ or else θ = π/2, this reduces to vector calculus in polar coordinates.
It enables the soldier to continue fighting if he has shot his musket and has not had time to reload.
Many who became believers had come from faraway places and were without enough provisions to extend their stay in Jerusalem.
Now, in your grand jury testimony, you state that you visited the defendant's penthouse on November 6th of last year.
President Akayev ordered the Central Election Commission and Supreme Court to begin an investigation into allegations that sparked the protests.
The definition of recovery remains divided and subjective in drug rehabilitation, as there are no set standards for measuring recovery.
Twins are common in many mammal species, including cats, sheep, ferrets, giant pandas, dolphins, dogs, deer, marmosets, tamarins, and elephants.
After the transplant, there is a period of extensive hand therapy/rehabilitation which helps the recipients regain function of the transplanted hand.
Although items dating back to the neolithic were discovered in the tomb, there were relatively few lithic or ceramic items identified.
A paratrooper is a military parachutist-someone trained to parachute into an operation, and usually functioning as part of an airborne force.
At the Emperor's death, the Byzantines had control of most of Italy, North Africa, and a small foothold in southern Spain.
During these wars, the Mazrui and Omani Arabs reclaimed much of the Indian Ocean trade, forcing the Portuguese to retreat south.
Fish, birds, and mammals are especially sensitive to even small amounts of toxic compounds in oil, fuel, and other petroleum products.
For the crime of first degree murder, this court hereby sentences you to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Generally, wild animals are recognized as not suitable to keep as pets, and this practice is completely banned in many places.
Her client, a certain Frank Baccini, who had a warehouse of electrical goods, had not paid for her two days' work.
If you remove an email address from @outlook.com, it can be re-created as a new account or alias after 30 days.
It is like a criminal to die by sentence of court, but like a general to die fighting with the enemy.
Mr. Victors, who was a rather short but attractive man in his late forties, tried his charm out on the woman.
On my orders, coalition forces have begun striking selected targets of military importance to undermine Saddam Hussein's ability to wage war.
Preventing the vertical transmission of HIV/AIDS; - Introduction of screening programmes for the prevention and early detection of reproductive system diseases.
Right-wing ideologues are quick to point out the pathology of gender dysphoria but slow to acknowledge its standard treatment, gender transition.
The military allegedly planned to provoke the Muslim population by bombing mosques and use the protocol to quell the ensuing riots.
Vitamin D deficiency from lack of sunlight weakens the immune system, makes the slaves more vulnerable to malaria or dengue fever.
When a court of law finds a defendant guilty, it has to be based on credible evidence obtained through legal procedures.
When a medical doctor follows the coffin of a patient, it is in fact sometimes the cause that follows the effect.
A bomb from the time of World War II has exploded at a building site in Germany, killing at least one person.
🏳️‍🌈After a rainbow flag emoji with an interdictory sign over it appeared on Twitter, several users accused Apple of encouraging anti-LGBT attitudes.
Animal-fancy hobbies include the keeping of animals considered exotic pets; a rapidly growing example is herpetoculture, the keeping of reptiles and amphibians.
But no body, no crime, and without a crime, we can't convince a jury that Laura's murder wasn't a crime of passion.
Daisy preferred non-fiction books, travel, plays but also liked to discover an author of detective stories she had never heard of before.
Domestic tax legislation is generally imposed on the legal consequences of transactions and the legal status of persons under the general law.
Gastroparesis present similar symptoms to slow gastric emptying caused by certain opioid medications, antidepressants, and allergy medications, along with high blood pressure.
Imperial states and feudal states, both low in infrastructural power, depend on the despotic rule of an elite class for societal order.
Obviously, but without a death certificate and a court order, our policy is to maintain the contents until the lease runs out.
The classical periodization of history studies in Ancient times, the Middle Ages and Modern Era is based on a Eurocentrist world view.
The huge amount of pills you took may have caused a hypnotic state and your death drive may have done the rest.
This indirect protection that the unvaccinated people within a community receive simply by being surrounded by vaccinated people, is called herd immunity.
Torture and the obtaining of testimony by violent means are deemed in China to be criminal behaviour subject to investigation and prosecution.
A bank robbery took place in a small bank in Blagoevgrad this morning, said regional police commissioner Stefan Ivanov at a press conference.
As the Neolithic period gave way to the Bronze Age in the area, people continued to farm, clear forest and use stone tools.
By such means the Vietnamese soldiers succeeded in making a devastating strike against the fighting spirit of the powerful American military machine's troops.
Following the Confederate retreat, units from the Union California Column under the command of Colonel James Carleton occupied several forts in western Texas.
For the effective control of mental diseases, it is necessary to establish a comprehensive control system that enables early detection, treatment and follow-up.
In some cases, mastectomy is prophylactic surgery - a preventive measure taken by those considered to be at high risk of breast cancer.
In South Auckland, New Zealand, a police sergeant reported catching a gang of fourteen-year-olds raiding the neighborhood, stealing money left for the milkman.
In such conditions, it will be extremely difficult to move and sustain further United Nations troops in the eastern part of the country.
It is well known that if a police officer interviews 10 witnesses about a crime, he will receive 10 different versions of events.
Never completely surround the animal, trap an animal between a vessel and shore, block its escape route, or come between mother and young.
Note that the conditions omit reference to the United States Constitution, due process, warrants, criminal charges, judicial oversight, or consultation with the legislature.
Of course, Putin could withdraw his troops from eastern Ukraine, thereby spurring the United States and Europe to lift economic sanctions against Russia.
The EU underlines also the necessity for all States parties to implement in their own legislation the Convention's provisions, as per article VII.
The proposed constitution will contain a Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is intended to enhance the political and moral legitimacy of the EU.
The retreat began after the heavy defeats of the White Army in the Omsk operation and in the Novonikolaevsk Operation in November-December 1919.
The United States Senate doesn't think it's a good idea to approve Bartlet's liberal judges that treat the Constitution like a beer coaster.
The various laws that govern EEOC's actions are subject to interpretation by the federal court system, and most importantly by the Supreme Court.
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.
Touching wildlife, or attempting to do so, can injure the animal, put you at risk and may also be illegal for certain species.
After receiving treatment for a stomach ailment acquired while traveling overseas, Tom and Mary endured weeks of horrendous abdominal gas from the prescribed antibiotics.
A law establishing procedures in that connection was still in existence and for the time being the process was guided by that earlier legislation.
Allergy contact dermatitis has been proven to be the highest clinical occurrence usually localised to soft tissues with buccal mucosa being the most prevalent.
Arranged marriages across feudal lords, city states and kingdoms, as a means of establishing political alliances, trade and peace were common in human history.
At the same period the feudalisation of the Kingdom of Sicily was intensified, through the enforcement of feudal bonds and relations among its subjects.
By the early 17th century, England was a centralized state in which much of the feudal order of Medieval Europe had been swept away.
Dehydration due to the higher rate of water vapor lost from the lungs at higher altitudes may contribute to the symptoms of altitude sickness.
Domesticated rats are physiologically and psychologically different from their wild relatives, and typically pose no more of a health risk than other common pets.
During the First World War, after France had suffered heavy casualties on the Western Front, they began to recruit soldiers from their African empire.
Each house of Congress has the power to introduce legislation on any subject, except that revenue bills must originate in the House of Representatives.
England in the 16th century was already a centralized state, in which much of the feudal order of Medieval Europe had been swept away.
For thousands of years prior to the arrival of European settlers in north Georgia, the indigenous Creek people and their ancestors inhabited the area.
In common with most domestic animals, the original reason for ferrets being domesticated by human beings is uncertain, but it may have involved hunting.
Myotonic goats vary heavily in their characteristics in comparison to other goat breeds, and they possess certain traits that other goat breeds do not.
Older persons living in long-term care facilities, such as nursing homes and rehabilitation centers, are particularly vulnerable to infection and adverse outcomes from COVID-19.
Some allergy sufferers find relief in allergen immunotherapy, a periodic injection therapy designed to suppress the body's natural immune responses to the cat allergens.
So the first thing I can do, I might be tempted - let me multiply both sides of this equation times x plus 4.
The adult saltwater crocodile's broad body contrasts with that of most other lean crocodiles, leading to early unverified assumptions the reptile was an alligator.
The differential equation is also invariant under a change from ℓ to −ℓ − 1, and the functions for negative ℓ are defined by.
The issues before the court are sufficiently complex to require the attention of a learned judge, and too complex to confront a jury with.
The sheep were skipping on the slopes, the bees flew humming through the meadows, and the songs of the birds resounded among the bushes.
While all whole foods contain calcium, an essential nutrient for bone health, it is argued that we need the higher amounts found in dairy.
A black panther is actually a melanistic leopard or jaguar, the result of an excess of melanin in their skin caused by a recessive gene.
Although oceanic dolphins are widespread, most species prefer the warmer waters of the tropic zones, but some, like the right whale dolphin, prefer colder climates.
Although Paleolithic cultures left no written records, the shift from nomadic life to settlement and agriculture can be inferred from a range of archaeological evidence.
Domestic pigs have small lungs in relation to their body size, and are thus more susceptible than other domesticated animals to fatal bronchitis and pneumonia.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
Meanwhile, during the second world war, Hungary joined Germany against the Soviet Union, and in the fall of 1942, Ádám was drafted for military service.
NATO powers such as the United Kingdom and the United States support the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen primarily through arms sales and technical assistance.
Of the five species kept commonly as pets, only Campbell's dwarf hamster and winter white hamsters are able to interbreed and produce live hybrid offspring.
Penguin species found on the peninsula, especially near the tip and surrounding islands, include the chinstrap penguin, emperor penguin, gentoo penguin and the Adelie penguin.
Romance or chivalric romance is a type of narrative in prose or verse popular in the aristocratic circles of High Medieval and Early Modern Europe.
Small mammal species that inhabit along the trails are beaver, squirrel, river otter, chipmunk, porcupine, bobcat, two species of fox, boar, woodchuck, raccoon, and coyote.
The dogs were used for hunting bear, boar, and deer at princely courts, with the favorites staying at night in the bedchambers of their lords.
The effective reproduction number or reproduction rate, symbolised with Re, is a rate of how many more people are infected from a positive COVID-19 case.
The Law on Labor Relations follows the provision of the Constitution with the requirements of articles 58 - 68, referring particularly to protection of women.
The police drew an outline of a body at the scene of the crime to indicate how the body was lying when it was found.
The Western Roman Empire began falling apart after the great invasion of Vandals, Alans, and Sueves across the Rhine on the last day of 406.
We cannot escape the prospect of nuclear war unless we all commit to stopping the spread of nuclear weapons and pursuing a world without them.
All of which was not good for us, causing a fever of inflammation to attack our mouths so that the membranes were continually dry and burning.
But, in a way, from the South Pole onwards there was no further expansion possible, and the Empire started to fade into the abyss of history.
For Syria, a peace deal would also include an understanding that Israel's occupation of the Golan Heights is to be settled by serious negotiation, not war.
In addition to traditional pets, this list includes some animals normally considered livestock or working animals that have a close association with presidents or their families.
On October 30, 2019, Valiant released a teaser image featuring the bird logo of Harbinger on a blue background, with the hashtag #Valiant2020 on the bottom.
Osman appears to have followed the strategy of increasing his territories at the expense of the Byzantines while avoiding conflict with his more powerful Turkish neighbors.
The border between Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State was based on the borders of existing counties and did not include all of historic Ulster.
The rapid development and urgency of producing a vaccine for the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the risks and failure rate of delivering a safe, effective vaccine.
The Supreme Court of Appeal is a superior court of record and may exercise any powers conferred on it by the Constitution or any other law.
When the U.S. Army formed its first paratrooper unit in 1940, a parachute test platoon, the paratroopers themselves prepared and took care of their own parachutes.
After the collapse of the Hunnic Empire, the Ostrogoths entered relations with the Eastern Roman Empire and were settled in Pannonia to become foederati of the Byzantines.
Any experiment based on withholding vaccines from children is considered unethical, and observational studies would likely be confounded by differences in the healthcare-seeking behaviors of under-vaccinated children.
As Western Europe witnessed the formation of new kingdoms, the Eastern Roman Empire remained intact and experienced an economic revival that lasted into the early 7th century.
Black and indigenous people in Latin America and Caribbean islands have been using hip hop for decades to discuss race and class issues in their respective countries.
Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
Long before the arrival of Spanish explorers, the Rumsen Ohlone tribe, one of seven linguistically distinct Ohlone groups in California, inhabited the area now known as Monterey.
On June 27, Colonel Maksim Shapoval, commander of an elite Ukrainian military intelligence unit, was killed when his car exploded during his morning commute in downtown Kyiv.
Prior to the arrival of Europeans, the indigenous people of Ecuador used the rivers for fishing and transportation, although frequent waterfalls limited canoe travel in the Andes.
The end of the last Ice Age about 10,000 years ago is taken as the end point of the Upper Paleolithic and the beginning of the Epipaleolithic/Mesolithic.
The history of Saxony consists of what was originally a small tribe living on the North Sea between the Elbe and Eider River in the present Holstein.
These hospitals provide stabilization and rehabilitation for those who are actively experiencing uncontrolled symptoms of mental disorders such as depression, bipolar disorders, eating disorders, and so on.
Achieving herd immunity is one of the only ways to protect vulnerable members of a community who cannot be vaccinated because they are immunocompromised, or simply too old.
A dentist, also known as a dental surgeon, is a surgeon who specializes in dentistry, the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases and conditions of the oral cavity.
Developments in archaeology in recent decades have highlighted how people and goods could move over wider distances in the early Middle Ages than we have tended to think.
In both historic and modern times, the wearing of tight hosiery by males has been associated with an accompanying garment fitted at the groin over the male genitalia.
It was hard to believe that such a young soldier, almost a boy, was in command of whole armies and formations, and was obeyed and held in awe.
The Ukrainian security forces are trying to occupy the towns and villages between Donetsk and Luhansk in order to cut off those two important cities from each other.
Artillery, supplies, and troops were all being evacuated across the river at this time but it was not going as fast as Washington had anticipated and daybreak soon came.
By the time of the Upper Paleolithic and modern Homo sapiens, not only was a wide variety of plants consumed, but a wide variety of animals, snails and fish.
If you work in the health-care field or are for some other reason considered a candidate for hepatitis-B vaccine, you may want to discuss this matter with your physician.
Lawrence was the talkative type who would never take no for an answer, and Daisy was rather intrigued by the whole matter so she decided to meet Kay Bartok.
The common chameleon is insectivorous, capturing insects by stealth and the rapid extension of its long tongue which has a terminal pad which grasps and adheres to the prey.
The Russian Revolution of 1905 saw a massive wave of social unrest across the Russian Empire, characterised by large scale general strikes on the part of the industrial workers.
They were going to put over another bridge when the bombardment started and some troops were to cross at the shallows up above at the bend of the river.
This crusade, one of the most massive and sweeping in history was actually orchestrated by a secret brotherhood the Priory of Sion and their military arm, the Knights Templar.
As with many other components of the African large mammal fauna, black rhinos probably had a wider range in the northern part of the continent in prehistoric times than today.
Denmark remained neutral during the war and neither side ventured into the Kattegat until late in the war when the British laid a minefield in the path of German merchantmen.
Domestic cats were introduced to Rottnest both as pets and as predators of commensal pest animals such as the black rat and house mouse at various times since European settlement.
Recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world.
Temporary fatigue is likely to be a minor illness like the common cold as one part of the sickness behavior response that happens when the immune system fights an infection.
Tigers are recorded to have killed more people than any other big cat, and tigers have been responsible for more human deaths through direct attack than any other wild mammal.
When trust in our institutions is low, we should reduce the corrosive influence of money in our politics, and insist on the principles of transparency and ethics in public service.
1. Parents in these groups may be reluctant to take their children to their doctors, even when dangerous reactions to chlorine dioxide are apparent, such as vomiting, malaise, dehydration, and jaundice.
In Arabian culture, marriage was contracted in accordance with the larger needs of the tribe and was based on the need to form alliances within the tribe and with other tribes.
Some authors use X0 = t, with factors of c elsewhere to compensate; for instance, spatial coordinates are divided by c or factors of c±2 are included in the metric tensor.
Miss Abbot waited for Harry to be handcuffed and sent off in a police car and then removed the "wire" inside her coat the police had put on her earlier that day.
A vassal state is any state that has a mutual obligation to a superior state or empire, in a status similar to that of a vassal in the feudal system in medieval Europe.
Brent Bennett is a former US Army paratrooper who was convicted by an Afghan court on 15 September 2004 for participating in torture and kidnapping, and for running a private jail in Kabul.
ince the high court supervised the judiciary of the whole country, it seems logical that men who had made a name in lower courts would be elevated to a seat in the Sanhedrin.
The period during which the cat is a kitten is the time when the cat learns and memorizes survival skills, which are acquired through observation of their mothers and playing with other cats.
Then a little black animal came up; it was a dog, but she had never seen one before; it barked so furiously at her that she was frightened and made for the open sea.
In 1929, the first evidence of the presence of ancient early human ancestors in Kenya was discovered when Louis Leakey unearthed one million year old Acheulian handaxes at the Kariandusi Prehistoric Site in southwest Kenya.
A deserter of the Spanish Civil War played by Paul Muni redeems himself in death by defending the family of a true war hero against some Mexican bandits on the tiny Florida island of Key Largo.
After the end of the last feudal dynasty in China, with the rise of the new cultural movement, Chinese artists began to be influenced by Western art and began to integrate Western art into Chinese culture.
Although capable of changing colour, this chameleon is usually some shade of grey or brown with several lighter patches on the flank, dark patches below the dorsal ridge and yellow or red striping on the throat.
Central obesity is a key feature of the syndrome, being both a sign and a cause, in that the increasing adiposity often reflected in high waist circumference may both result from and contribute to insulin resistance.
During the land battle his Division was given a key role in the US VII Corps battle which involved a rapid exploitation of the minefield breach and a rapid advance to destroy some three Iraqi divisions.
Research has found that higher levels of discrimination are associated with an elevated risk of a broad range of diseases from blood pressure to abdominal obesity to breast cancer to heart disease and even premature mortality.
After the collapse of the Western Roman Empire, the West began to practice feudal law, which was a synthesis of aspects of Roman law as well as some Germanic customs according to the new elite, including presumed guilt.
The pallid kangaroo mouse has a diet that is grain based and have been known to supplement their diet with insects where they derive most of their water needs, as they are not known to consume free water.
