ACCIDENT
ADOPTION
AMMUNITION.
ARBITRARINESS
ATM
Agreed!
BUTTER
Barbell
Begonia
Bible
CITIZEN
CORRUPTION
CURFEW
Calendula
Catholicism
Cobots
Cricket
DIVERSION.
DNA
EMERGENCY
EXTORTION
Excellent
Foglet
GENOCIDE.
GUILT.
Goodbye
Gospel
Great
Great
Great-grandparents
Gymnastics
HAPPINESS.
HOOLIGANISM
Hello
Hello
Iris
Judaism
Judo
Koran
LED
LEMON.
LOVE
MILK.
MOBILISATION.
MODE.
MOTIVATION
Marigold
Miss
Mr.
Mrs.
Muslim
NOTICE
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
No
OK
Parents
Picotechnology
Piston
Please
PRINCIPALITIES.
RASH
RESCUER
RESOLUTION.
Really?!
SADNESS
SALT
SANCTION
SHAFT
SUMMER.
SWASTIKA
Sure
TOOTHACHE.
TRANSMITTER.
TREATY
Thanks
VIOLENCE
WINTER.
Wonderful
X-ray
YES
absorb
accountant
acid
actor
actress
advertising
aerial
agriculture
agronomist
ALGORITHM
allergy
allotropes
aloe
announcer
apiary
apparatus
archaeology
architect
arms
ASTHMA
astronomy
aunt
autobiography
avocado
axe
babysitter
bachelor
bacteria
ballet
barn
baseball
basketball
batch
beam
bear
beaver
beet
biathlon
billiards
BIOLOGIST
biology
biotechnology
blizzard
blog
branch
brick
bricklaying
brightness
bronchitis
brother
brotherhood
brush
buffalo
bull
BULLDOZER
bulrush
burdock
business
businessman
CABLE
camomile
capacitor
caramel
casualty
cathedral
cedar
celery
century
chaff
champignon
charge
charger
chip
chlamydia.
chlorophyll
chloroplast
christianity
clay
clergy
CLERK
clerk
clover
coast
collection
colony
communism
conclusion
concrete
confession
conservatism
constellation
construction
cooking
copyright
cord
cornflower
correspondence
correspondent
cough
COURT
cousin
crankshaft
crime
criminal
crop
cultivation
customs
cycling
dad
daughter
decorative
defect
defect
deforestation
degree
democracy
desert
designer
DETENTION
developed
device
diabetes
diarrhoea
dictatorship
director
dirt
dislocation
dismantling
doctor
dollars
dolphin
downpour
drill
dryer
dynasty
easel
ecology
editor
ELECTIONS
electronics
empire
equipment
euro
EXCAVATOR
exile
expansion
factory
faint
faith
farm
fascism
father
father-in-law
fiance
fiancee
fig
finish
FISHING
flavor
flock
flu
fluorescent
flywheel
foliage
food-poisoning
football
forest
forestry
frame
frequency
fresh
fridge
frog
galaxy
gallows
gastritis
genealogy
GENERATOR
geology
ginger
giraffe
girder
globalization
glue
goalkeeper
gossips
grandchildren
GRANDDAD
granddaughter
grandson
granny
ground
gym
gymnastic
hammer
headache
headline
HISTORICISM
history
hospital
hostage
houseplants
housewife
hue
humidity
husband
ice
impeach
industry
inertia
infection
inflation
ink
insomnia
insurance
INTEGRATION
interpreter
interview
invasion
invasion
investigator
investor
invoice
iron
island
jasmine
javelin
judge
juicer
julienne
JUST-IN-TIME
knife
ladder
lake
law
LAWYER
lawyer
lemonade
liabilities
liberalism
linguist
logistics
lotus
lyrical
magazine
magnetise
manager
manager
mantra
manufacturer
manuscript
marble
masonry
mechanic
mechanism
MEND
mercenarism
metallurgy
microeconomics
migration
militarism
milkmaid
mill
mine
mink
model
monarchy
monk
monkey
moonrise
mosaics
mother
mother-in-law
mozzarella
MUM
murals
musician
mythology
nephew
nettle
news
newspaper
niece
nomad
ocean
octopus
oil
ostrich
overproduction
painter
pan
panda
parliamenters
party
PASTURE
personal
pesticides
pigeon
pigsty
plague
plain
plant
plaster
plug
pneumonia
podcast
poetess
poetic
point
poliomyelitis
pollen
pollution
polytheism
pond
PORTRAIT
potter
prayer
precipitation
press-conference
PRISON
processing
productive
professor
profitable
psychologist
puck
punishment
python
quarantine
racetrack
radio
raisins
ravine
reading
RECESSION
recipe
reed
refinery
reindeer
religious
research
restorer
review
river
roofing
roubles
rubble
salesman
satellite
saw
sawmill
scabies
science
scientist
SCREWDRIVER
sculptor
seal
secretary
seed
seeder
sesame
shoot
singer
sister
SKATING
skeleton
skiing
skunk
slate
smell
snail
snowdrops
son
sour
SPARROW
spicy
squirrel
stamen
starch
state
steamroller
student
subsidy
supplier
swamp
sweet
swimming
tank
tapestry
tax
taxi-driver
teacher
technologist
TECHNOLOGY
telescope
televiewer
television
temptation
tennis
tetanus
theory
throat
tiger
tile
tile
toaster
toothache
tournament
TRADEMARK
transaction
travelling
trenches
uncle
UNIVERSITY
veto
victory
violet
volcano
waiter
warehouseman
weeding
weeds
welding
well
wife
willow
wolf
woodpecker
workstation
writer
МАКРАЭКАНОМІКА
аbstract
беспрацоўе
ВЫДАТКІ
манаполія
фінансы
3D printing
AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS
AGROINDUSTRIAL SECTOR
Ancient civilizations
Aromatic aster
Automated manufacturing
Ballistic Magnetoresistance
CUSTOMS CONTROL
Catholic atheist
Catholic nuns.
DOCUMENTS REVIEW
Dalton's law
Expanded horizons
Fahrenheit scale
Flexible muscles
Forget it
Game over
GAS LEAK
Good afternoon
Good evening
Good luck
Good morning
Good night
INTERESTED BODIES
INTERNAL CONTROL
INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY
I'm divorced
I'm from...
Industrial revolution
Laser Method
Linguistic analysis
Muslim name
National interest
Oral prophylaxis
PASSPORT CONTROL
PROHIBITED ITEMS
PROSECUTING AGENCY
PROTECTIVE CONSTRUCTIONS
Pagan gods.
Peacekeeping mission
Physical training
Pool tile
Positional synthesis
Professional coach
Quantum Cryptography
See you!
Stone Age
Stop it!
Strong body
Ten o'clock
Thank you
Very good
What's up?
World wars
You're welcome
A BLEEDING
acid rain
agricultural development
animal sounds
anthropology museum
ANTICIPATED INFLATION
aquarium fish
assembly line
atomic bomb
bilateral contract
blood smear
board game
brain drain
building industry
capital market
carboxylic acid
chemical industry
chess tournament
coal industry
commercial video
COMPLICATED MECHANISM
computer games
contrasting tone
coral reefs
corn syrup
distribution expenses
drilling machine
driving licence
editor's office
electrical conductor
electric motor
endangered species
energy costs
engineering management
engine failure
entry visa
estate agent
evergreen tree
exchange office
exchange rate
EXIT VISA
exotic nature
factory floor
fake flowers
feudal states
fiscal policy
flower petals
food industry
fuel injector
glass wool
GOLF CLUB
government budget
green house
greenhouse effect
house plants
hypodermic syringe
illegal hunting
immigration visa
income tax
induction cookers
IN PROGRESS
intensive cultivation
interior walls
intrude opinions
legal consequences
livestock industry
local currency
local paper
manufacturing industry
marathon race
master thesis
media culture
media organizations
medicinal plants
mobile revolution
multilateral agreement
multiple socket
mutton stew
national income
national park
NATURAL GAS.
natural resources
nuclear industry
nude model
organic agriculture
ozone hole
ozone layer
palm tree
particle accelerator
pedestrian bridge
pictorial art
pious sect
plant care
plant kingdom
plastic model
POISONOUS PLANTS
polar bear
power station
pregnancy test
presumptive diagnosis
PRINTING HOUSE
production management
production standards
provisional government
refinancing rate
religion forbids
rice flour
risk factor
scarlet fever
scientific data
scientific progress
self-employed entrepreneur
shadow economy
single woman
solar energy
solid wood
sports competition
sprinkler system
stock market
stop-over visa
STRUCTURAL ELEMENTS
sugar beetroot
swine flu
tape measure
tape measure
tax agent
temporary visa
to broadcast
to construct
to dice
to dig
to invest
to milk
to pack
to plaster
to republish
to supply
to train
tourist visa
to water
TO WIN
transit visa
travel industry
visitor visa
weather forecast
whooping cough
wind turbine
wireless technologies
ACT OF TERRORISM
Are you married?
Bake with love
Chop and dice
Civil Rights Movement
Collaboration inspires breakthroughs
Colonization changed cultures
Courtrooms are formal.
Criminals face consequences.
Curiosity fuels discovery
DECLARATION OF WAR
Divine guidance always
DOGS ARE TERRITORIAL.
Ecosystems thrive together
European Economic Community
Excuse me, please
Experiment to learn
Faith conquers fear
Federal government bodies
Find peace within
Fine, thank you
Fry to crispy
Gross National Product
Heavenly blessings abound
Here's my address
Here you are
Hiroshima and Nagasaki
How are you?
INTERNATIONAL TERRORIST ACTIVITY
I collect badges
I don't work
I feel shivery
I FEEL WEAK
I have nausea
I'm an engineer
I'm a pensioner
I'm a widower
I'M A WIDOW
Innovate to progress
Judges interpret statutes.
Lawyers defend clients.
Lions roar fiercely.
Medieval Arab writers
Minister of Agriculture
My name is
Nature nurtures growth
Nature's balance reigns
Nature's wonders unfold
PARTICULARLY VALUABLE DOCUMENT
Pardon me, please
Pauli's exclusion principle
Penguins waddle adorably.
PIRATES AND PIRACY
Police enforce laws.
Possible flu outbreak.
Pray for strength
Research builds knowledge
Roast with flavor
Russian Orthodox churches
SEWAGE NETWORK (SEWAGE)
Sacred traditions endure
Scanning Tunneling Microscope
Science is everywhere
Science never sleeps
See you soon!
Spice it up
Technology transforms society
That's all right
The Cold War
Virtual reality system
Wars shaped nations.
WE ARE FROM...
What's your name?
What's your subject?
Whisk and stir
Witnesses testify truthfully.
You are welcome!
Your passport, please
activities of journalists
ancient Russian state
apply sanctions against
ARGUE ABOUT RELIGION
a transit visa
bunch of flowers
cessation of hostilities
chemistry test tube
collapse of communism
consumer price index
cruelty to animal
distinctive geographical features
division of labor
ELECTRONIC MASS MEDIA
essence of religion
genetically modified food
gross domestic product
history of religion
illegal financial operations
immunization for influenza
in broadsheet format
keep your religion
large clean bowl
law enforcement agencies
law of nature
local religious authorities
mathematically based science
methods of investigation
new spark plugs
non-flowering seed plants
online digital publication
planned agricultural economy
production volume ratio
PRODUCTS FOR EXPORT
profit and loss
purchase price dynamics
research and development
rustle of leaves
source of information
the Mongol Invasion
the New Testament
timber processing plant
to invoke sanctions
to mix paints
treatment for chickenpox
virus remains dormant
water storage tank
ACCOMPLICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE OFFENCE.
ALL SUGAR IS SWEET
And how are you?
A quarter past twelve
COMMANDERS OF MILITARY INSTALLATIONS
Decency, security and liberty
DOES ANYONE SPEAK ENGLISH?
Dogs often bury bones.
Dogs wag their tails.
Do you speak English?
Five minutes to eight
Floods, sandbars, fallen logs.
Flowers bring special joy
Further goal of researchers
Giraffes have long necks.
Glad to see you
Have a nice time
Have you any brothers?
Have you any children?
Have you any sisters?
Here's my business card
Hindu and Buddhist philosophies
How do you feel?
How old are you?
I don't understand anything.
I have a headache
I HAVEN'T GOT CHILDREN
I like watching TV
I'll love you always💕
I'm fond of music
I'm not married yet
In a good shape
I need the shovel
I study at college
It's half past ten
I've got one child
Let me introduce myself
Mutants stole a tank.
Nice to meet you.
Please, call a doctor
Probation is a possibility.
Socio-economic changes in Europe
Sorry, but I can't
Sorry to disturb you
Technology is developing rapidly
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
The American Civil War
The Princess of Edinburgh.
The Thai Boxing Champion.
The adoption of Buddha
The casino gaming industry
They are wild animals.
What about wild animals?
What are you doing?!
What is your hobby?
What is your name?
What is your profession?
What's up with you?
What's your phone number?
Where are you from?
Where do you live?
Where do you study?
Where do you work?
Where is the pain?
WILD ANIMALS ARE DISTRESSED.
all traditions of Buddhism
amount of weapons collected
closed circuit of pipework
composition is lacking depth
could cause systemic infection
cracks in this beam
demolitate the empty warehouse
gold and currency reserves
healing of local infection
increased attention to news
influence on public opinion
insignificant extent of damage
lily of the valley
murder for hire plan
owner of several properties
pick all the flowers
plants for the garden
reviews of other consumers
rice flour and sugar
SUBTLE ANOMALIES IN TUNGSTEN
tablets and voice assistants
ten strains of rabies
theology, mysticism and alchemy
to coat with breadcrumbs
TO COMMIT A CRIME
to create a statue
to cut into shreds
to refuse a visa
to strengthen international security
turnover of field crops
unleash a ground war
validity of the visa
ADMINISTRATIVE DETENTION OF PHYSICAL PERSON
Belgian scientists develop artificial iris
Cheeseburger, fried chicken, mashed potatoes
Cleopatra was Julius Caesar's lover
Foxes are moderately quiet animals.
Front-page advertising in the Journal
Give me your e-mail, please
HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!!!
He is 5 years old
He jumped over a ditch.
He was burning with fever.
How old is your daughter?
How old is your wife?
I do not like music.
I go in for sport
I know your crops failed.
I like photography and art.
I'm thirty five years old
I need a dance partner.
PARAGRAPH OF NORMATIVE LEGAL ACT.
Palestinian journalist Ali Abunimah tweeted
Please, call an emergency ambulance
Please, speak a bit slower
Red is out of fashion.
SYSTEM OF LABOR SAFETY STANDARDS.
Sorry, I don't understand you
Sorry, what did you say?
STUCK IN THE HOLLY BUSH.
Take care of the flowers
The Battle of the Atlantic.
The armed forces of Brazil
The film received mixed reviews.
The memory of the Holocaust
The potential efficacy of probiotics
The pottery was set up
The symbol of our faith
The troops landed in Greece.
THEY HARVEST THE CORN CROP.
This is our golf course.
This is the lotus valve.
Today's minimum temperature was 3°C.
Today we have roasted mutton
We got the blueprints today
We immediately sent troops there.
Where can I change money?
Yesterday's maximum temperature was 37ºC.
Your favorite sport is basketball.
ART EXHIBITION SPONSORED BY GEORGE
artificial intelligence is changing medicine
bring the negotiations to impasse
doughnut made from choux pastry
industrialization in a short time
leading countries of the world
lethal levels of ultraviolet radiation
list of winners and nominees
penguin with the white flipper
platelets could worsen the viscosity
reconstruction of the old shop
sharp pains in the stomach
some sort of sacrificial ritual
An elephant is an enormous animal.
Arrests made in Sarajevo embassy shooting.
Assume this is Apple or HP.
Bacon is an overly processed food.
But she suffers from the arthritis.
Check military databases, foreign and domestic.
Comedy always includes a little tragedy.
CUT 1/3 OFF EACH POTATO LENGTHWISE.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Fertile soil is indispensable for agriculture.
Fix the hole in the roof
Gladiators are animals, pure and simple.
He died of a coronary complication.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He works for an advertising agency.
How can I call a doctor?
How can I transfer money abroad?
I am listening to the radio.
I did narrate a Mazda commercial
I'd like to extend my visa
I lead my goats to pasture
I'LL TAKE A KIWI, SLICED UP.
I'm going to come here again
I need fries and onion rings.
It must be a new fashion!
Mining amber is a painstaking task.
NO ONE CAN STOP A HURRICANE.
Seventeen species of hedgehog exist worldwide.
She was always playing PlayStation here.
Street Sports Festival kicked off yesterday.
That looks like urticaria to me.
The Berlin Wall fell in 1989
The deer was running by itself.
The economy has entered a recession.
The energy consumption of consumer electronics
The explosion shook the whole building.
The purpose of my trip is...
The wheat is ready for harvest
This is a great milk shake.
Tom is a comic book artist.
We found this exquisite little painting...
We played basketball in the gym.
What's the purpose of your trip?
When do you intend to leave?
When will the visa be ready?
develop one's own style of painting
HARD HAT TO PROTECT THE HEAD
potato crisps, white chocolate and rice
prices in light and food industries
racoon dogs are bred in China
the power of a hydrogen bomb
they believed in the Old Testament
wide variety of breads and pastry
Adolf Hitler conquered many western European countries
Afghan lamb kebab with yellow saffron rice.
A king cobra isn't actually a cobra.
Both nations have additionally signed bilateral agreements
But there was a complication during surgery.
Dracaena houseplants like humidity and moderate watering.
Excuse me, what time is it now?
Half of the magazine's pages are advertisements.
He continued ranching during the entire time
He fights to preserve law and order.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
He's quick in forming relationships with women.
He's the manager of the marketing department.
HOW DID YOU GET INTERESTED IN ART?
How do you say that in Belarusian?
How do you spend your free time?
How would you like to spend time?
I don't speak a word of Belarusian
I keep fit by jogging every morning.
I'm glad your team won the game.
Increased transparency regarding media ownership is crucial.
I saw a hare in the forest.
I saw an elk in the forest.
It's a dicer, grater, all in one.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I want to pay into my account
I want to withdraw... from my account
Mushrooms and plants belong to different kingdoms.
Must be up in the ultrasonic range.
My dad works in a coal mine.
Now this polymer reacts to ultrasonic pulses.
Our school's gym is under construction now.
Precautionary approach to biotechnology and gene technology.
STATELESS PERSONS IN THE REPUBLIC OF BELARUS
Salmon would be more elegant than chicken.
Social media as an invasion of privacy.
Spaghetti with meatballs is an Italian-American dish.
The air today is damp and cold.
The ancient Egyptian, Greek and Roman antiquities
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
The explosion that followed killed many people.
The game was postponed until next Sunday.
The hedgehog's snout stretched upwards in curiosity.
The lake is surrounded by green hills.
The pressure for tax reform is growing.
The programming language Java is highly versatile.
There already is a mechanism for that.
The recipe for carrot and cinnamon cake?
This region's beekeepers produce honey particularly well.
Tuberculosis proctitis can create a mucous discharge.
We have mutton chops and gooseberry tart.
We'll give an interview in the afternoon.
We need money for the dance recital
WE'VE BEEN ON A WILD GOOSE CHASE.
You said you needed to harvest today.
blow out their scanners for a while
my gene sequence made it all possible
A chain consists of metal links or rings
ALONG THE COURSE, THERE ARE PEAKS AND VALLEYS.
Antigua and Barbuda is a former British colony
An ultrasonic vibratory instrument is submerged in water.
As expected, the price of imported goods rose.
Beekeepers remove the honeycomb to collect the honey.
But I'm offering to clean the slate here.
But they look like big, yummy otter pops.
Can I get you a cup of coffee?
Dalida died from an overdose of sleeping pills.
Each roof tile is worth several million won.
Everyone who took the test came back negative.
Except for the brakes, rear axle, cylinder heads.
God made Islam superior to any other religion.
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
Hitler signed a treaty with dictator Joseph Stalin
HUMAN CAPITAL IS THE ENGINE OF ECONOMIC GROWTH.
I could see twigs on the willow bush.
I feel I'm growing out of pop music.
I'm not looking forward to weeding the garden.
In all natural phenomena there is something wonderful
I need a visa to enter your country
Iran has the technology to shoot American drones.
I sent a sample of blood to DNA.
Is this made out of wood or metal?
It is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing.
It's extremely important to do sport every day.
Long dresses have come in fashion this year.
Lord Carnarvon financed the excavation of Tutankhamun's tomb.
Mass murder of jews during World War II
My memory card reader displays an error message.
Nanotechnology has promise to help fight global warming.
Only one chef here uses pure maple syrup
Orthodox monastery survived the joyous and sad times.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION OF THE ELECTRONIC DATA BANK
People can slowly become addicted to video gaming
REGISTER RETAIL SALES BY USING FISCAL PRINTER INTEGRATION.
Saffron, the most expensive spice, grows in Afghanistan
Sami took a whole bottle of sleeping pills
Seasoned timber is better for construction and joinery.
She picked up conjunctivitis at the swimming pool.
Shut valve to auxiliary engines and emergency air.
State support for agriculture has been sharply reduced.
Thank you for trying to make me smile:)
That tractor implement makes burrows in the field.
The Middle East is the cradle of civilization
THE TREASURY PUT HER ON TRACKING TERRORIST FINANCING
The autobiography of Malcolm X changed my life.
The construction site is located on 5th street.
The highest mountain of Slovenia is the Triglav.
Their citizens have access to the ballot boxes.
The kangaroo mouse lives in the Nevada desert.
The law does not apply to this case.
The mountain is located on a brief ridge
There was not a cloud in the sky.
The suspect committed an act of industrial espionage.
TROPICAL RAINFORESTS PRODUCE OXYGEN AND CONSUME CARBON DIOXIDE.
We analyzed them and found artificial gene sequences.
We are looking for theories with scientific grounds.
Wonder what kind of dogs he has. ^-^
You have three victims of an unknown pathogen.
financial crisis that almost crippled the American economy
relationships between the Catholic Church and the Jews
After the rain, many mushrooms grow in the forest.
Algeria was a French colony between 1830 to 1962
Apotheosis of Saint Ignatius, Church of the Gesù, 1685.
Bands begin to blare their music in the background.
Denmark has a small and highly specialized military industry
Dominic Behan: ♫ Come all ye young rebels, ♫.
Don't touch the wound, you could get an infection!
Do you put green peppers in your spaghetti sauce?
During the breeding time, the hamster may become aggressive.
Each molecule in our body has a unique shape.
Give me your address and your phone number, please
High tariffs have become a barrier to international trade.
I am more tactful than both of you combined.
I BELIEVE IN A HIGHER POWER AND THE AFTERLIFE.
I have to take two pills every six hours
I like the trees and grass, the granite outcroppings...
In Europe, slate and tile roofs are very popular.
In Russia, canned salmon is readily accessible in stores.
It could be an owner of a sports team
I think it's a hepatic abscess, but it's sizeable.
It's like I'm just a hermit crab changing shells.
I've switched off his communication mechanism to conserve power.
Kung fu is an ancient and honorable martial art.
Last week's storm damaged many trees in our neighborhood.
Logic and mathematics are nothing but specialised linguistic structures.
Mennad was working in the oil and gas industry.
Money doesn't always count for much in human relationships.
Montenegro is the current European champion in the sport.
MY NEIGHBOR IS PLANTING NEW GRASS IN HIS YARD.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Otter hunting dates back to the early medieval period
Quality control occurs at the inception of the process.
Rabies caused about 17,400 human deaths worldwide in 2015.
RUSSIA WAS IN A CONTINUOUS STATE OF FINANCIAL CRISIS.
Slavery was not abolished in the U.S. until 1865.
Some metals, such as untreated aluminium, require a primer
Some say that China was like a Russian colony
Stir-fry the ingredients which were cut into bite-sized pieces.
That sort of stem cell technology is years away.
"The Dominican Republic is called "República Dominicana" in Spanish."
The Liberal Catholic Movement believe that absolution is important.
The Nigerian currency, the Naira, is facing certain devaluation.
The abolition of slavery in Europe eventually reached America.
The animals living on a farm are the livestock
The company is the biggest maker of apple juice.
The gardener is burning dead leaves in the backyard.
The grass in the park is green and beautiful.
Their bow comes from the same root as ours.
The plundering of this land has left it infertile
The poppy-covered field has become the summer's poetical landscape.
The strain of the virus they identified is... man-made.
The sucrose molecule is comprised of glucose and fructose.
They have the fourth-fastest growing economy in the world.
THIRTY YEARS AGO, TIMBER WAS THE MAIN INDUSTRY HERE.
Titanic was under the command of Captain Edward Smith
Tom only listens to rock music from the eighties.
Tom's guilt couldn't be proven without the murder weapon.
Tourism, services and wholesale/retail trade follow manufacturing in importance.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest
We have a good crop of tomatoes this year.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We were about to play a game of cards.
When animals sate themselves, they quarrel in the stable.
Whip cream, sugar, and vanilla extract in a bowl
You are now a witness in his criminal investigation.
16 people died as a result of a bomb attack
Aloe vera has been widely grown as an ornamental plant.
And you must have rescued lots of cats from trees.
As a Muslim woman, she's very proud of her religion.
Boab trees grow naturally in Africa, Madagascar, and northwestern Australia.
Buckwheat is husked, cooked, and dried then pan-fried without oil.
DESIGNATIONS, CONTRADICTING TO PUBLIC ORDER, PRINCIPLES OF HUMANITY AND MORALITY.
Decided to use recycled content from cement and steel manufacturing.
EACH OF WHICH DESTROYED MORE THAN 100 OF OUR PLANES.
Frozen water is called ice; dew congealed is called frost.
Hurricane Ike was so large as the Gulf of Mexico.
If he had not known, he might not have gone.
I learned that it was against the law in Kenya.
I like my hamburger sandwiched between two pieces of waffles.
I like to play sport for fun not for competition.
In Japan, Aster tataricus is known as shion, or 紫苑.
In life, however, everything became more complicated and less happy.
Intellectuals and journalist like to make publicity out of it.
International observers who monitored the census have declared it successful.
I reported the theft of my car to the police.
"It doesn't exist; in German "beachten" means "to pay attention.
My grandmother has a lot of vegetation that grows spontaneously.
Ovarian endometriosis may complicate pregnancy by decidualization, abscess and/or rupture.
RECOGNITION OF THE CHILD (CHILDREN) IN A SOCIALLY DANGEROUS SITUATION
She killed a hamster thinking that it was a mouse.
That was gonna be a fine day for outdoor sports.
The Black Market Bazaar only accepts Bitcoins, a digital cryptocurrency
The ancient penalty for murder was death by slow torture.
THE BISON IS THE NATIONAL MAMMAL OF THE UNITED STATES.
The crescent moon and star is a symbol of Islam.
The first space stations rotated axially to produce artificial gravity.
The fir, the spruce and the pine are all conifers.
The grass was wet with dew, and rich and green.
Then the wind carried the top of the column eastwards.
The rats are ruining all the grain in the barn.
The returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle.
The storm did a lot of damage to the crops.
The teacher told us that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
The thick and black water flowed quietly quietly and peacefully.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
The uzantonomo@email.com address is read: uzantonomo at email dot com.
This place was built it in the mid 19th century
To control quality, Lockheed Martin trains and builds IPT teams.
Tom is in the hospital, recovering from a drug overdose.
Tom said he wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
We worked hard so that everything was done on time.
Whenever I cook spaghetti noodles, I set an egg timer.
Wrestling was the most popular organized sport in Ancient Greece.
NEW THEORIES IN THE FIELDS OF HUMAN BEHAVIOR AND SCIENCE
A Kosovo documentary wins first prize at a Zagreb film festival
About the same time, Sanathnagar, the industrial area needed help too.
A concrete structure will usually be sturdier than a wooden one.
An alligator has been caught on tape eating a small shark.
BATTLE OF MANZIKERT CHANGED THE COURSE OF THE HISTORY OF ANATOLIA.
Brolga, Cassowary, Emu, and Jabiru - Some of Australia's Strange Birds.
Common houseplants are usually tropical or semi-tropical epiphytes, succulents or cacti.
Construction never really got finished on this part of the house.
Domestication of sheep and goats reached Egypt from the Near East
Foreign companies have lately resorted to arbitration in international trade tribunals
Gerrymandering is the manipulation of electoral district boundaries for political gain.
Goldenface is going to blow up the NHL all-star game tomorrow.
Harvesting is usually done using a small - grain combine harvester.
He's Muslim and he has to go to the Friday prayer.
He wanted four-wheel drive, so he bought a sports utility vehicle.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE IN COURT ALL DAY.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party
I am training hard so that I may win the race.
I am waiting for the engineer who supervises the railroad construction.
I ASKED HIM, NOT FOR MYSELF, BUT FOR TWO LITTLE KIDS.
I employ a memory technique that gives me almost 100% retention.
If he were healthy, then he might be able to work.
I had to quickly take my dying hamster to the vet.
I have to take publicity photos for my new TV show.
I leave motivated by computer gaming and sleeping with my beloved.
Initially he pleaded not guilty to all charges brought against him.
In that situation we can produce 1000 lbs in this year.
In the orchard behind their farm stood apple and pear trees.
Mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her.
Mining is one of the main sources of wealth in Chile.
Mushrooms, strawberries, myrtle trees and so on come from the woods.
Net profit or loss is calculated by subtracting expenses from income.
Now the way that plants transmit that information is through pollen
Of course, there are other motives behind support for economic integration.
Our company has just launched a new product on the market.
Peanut plant tops and crop residues can be used for hay.
Runway models showcase clothes from fashion designers, fashion media, and consumers.
Says here the retail industry does fifty percent of its business
Scarlet fever, and diphtheria, and measles, and whooping cough, and mumps.
SIMILARLY, FOR THE GROWTH OF VEGETATION, THERE MUST BE SUFFICIENT LIGHT.
So now, on top of that, the quality of human relationships.
Tennis, my favorite sport, has brought me a lot of friends.
The Battle for Quebec was the turning point in the war.
The Eastern Orthodox do not accept Augustine's teaching of original sin.
The Gospel of Thomas is mostly wisdom without narrating Jesus's life.
The bulldozer smashed into the concrete, obliterating everything in its path.
The computer will capture movements and upload them into the robot.
The economy is at peak of a business cycle at present.
The first cane sugar mill in Fiji was built in 1872
THE HORSE CHESTNUT TREE IS NOW CLASSIFIED AS VULNERABLE TO EXTINCTION.
The lower altitudes have thin vegetation of bushes and cedar trees.
The most serious event was the terrorist attack on 23 March
The pregnancy hormones will likely speed the growth of the cancer.
There is extensive use of this technology, known as ammonia chemistry.
The ruling party in a parliamentary system is the political party
The soil will have to be plowed before we start planting.
The stalk can attach to rocks, plants, or other submerged surfaces.
The syringe is the instrument most commonly used to administer insulin.
The trend is always to produce more products using fewer employees.
THE TRUTH IS THAT I ALWAYS RETURN TO THE OLIVE GROVE
The validity of each cryptocurrency's coins is provided by a blockchain.
The wolf tried to imitate the voice of the mom goat.
This movement spreads heat from the surface of the blue planet.
This technology will open up a whole new avenue of research.
Tom began to suspect Mary was planning a surprise birthday party
Tom said that he didn't want to help weed the garden.
Tom was the only reporter on the scene of the crime.
To seal that vow, she offered up a most precious thing...
Tuberculosis medicine for pregnant women are very hard to come by.
VIOLATION OF LABOR, PENSION, HOUSING AND OTHER RIGHTS OF AN INDIVIDUAL
Well, the wireless password will cost each of you 20 bucks.
With definite caution in his soul, Burau crossed the second doorway.
Yesterday I went to the zoo and saw a huge walrus.
You place it in an art museum, it becomes a sculpture.
Your arrest report says you were apprehended with an antique sword.
52 people were killed in four coordinated suicide bombings by Islamic militants
A TECHNIQUE BORN OF SCIENCE AND AT THE SERVICE OF A WILL
After today, I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house.
Agriculture is a vital industry that feeds and sustains our growing population.
ANCIENT EGYPTIAN RELIGION WAS CHARACTERIZED BY POLYTHEISM, THE BELIEF IN MULTIPLE DEITIES.
And we know almost nothing about how these animals met their death.
An ion is an atom or molecule with a net electric charge.
As the inspector says, there is no evidence to warrant an arrest.
Bonaire is also famous for its flamingo populations and its donkey sanctuary.
Certain species of houseplants can also prove toxic if consumed by pets.
Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages.
Few rocks can resist the continuous blast of the sand carrying wind.
For dessert, Marie had made her chocolate cake and a fruit salad
Generally, the mind is not the most important thing to a person.
How much do you guys charge for a one full-year gym membership?
How, then, could she produce a perfect offspring, the Son of God?
I have always supported the tradition of elegant beauty in Japanese literature.
I looked everywhere for a notary office but there wasn't one anywhere.
I must ask you a few questions and take a blood sample.
IN SWEET MUSIC IS SUCH ART, KILLING CARE AND GRIEF OF HEART.
In the exibit is a Belarusian Koran, written with the tatar alphabet.
I saw every kind of specialist: infectious disease doctors, dermatologists, endocrinologists, cardiologists.
Is there any chance you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Justin Bieber is under investigation for throwing eggs at his neighbor's home.
LET'S PACK UP THE FAULTY EQUIPMENT AND RETURN IT TO THE FACTORY.
Let the onion chill in the fridge for 30 minutes before chopping.
Like most plants, wheatgrass contains chlorophyll, amino acids, minerals, vitamins and enzymes.
Modern Egyptian history is generally believed to begin with the French expedition
My husband and I are going on Sunday to see the ballet
My sister doesn't know the difference between a goose and a duck.
National central banks play an important role in the foreign exchange markets.
Our passports do not make this an international conflict despite your insistence.
Peter's faith in Jesus had helped him to build a sterling quality
Queen Elizabeth II has held numerous titles and honours throughout her life.
REPUBLICAN DATABANK OF ADOPTION OF ORPHANCED CHILDREN AND CHILDREN WITHOUT PARENTAL CARE
Sami went to Saudi Arabia for the traditional Muslim pilgrimage of hajj.
Science has contributed much to the fields of health and medical technology.
Shakespeare's works are frequently considered among the greatest in the English language.
Since the Telecommunications Act of 1996, restrictions on media merging have decreased.
Slavery existed in all of the original thirteen British North American colonies.
Somebody had built this simple timber shell right inside a bigger room.
Such unusual animals as a kangaroo or a koala-bear originate from Australia.
The Aztecs further intensified agricultural production by constructing systems of artificial irrigation
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806
THE ROMANS WERE ONE OF THE MOST TECHNOLOGICALLY ADVANCED CIVILIZATIONS OF ANTIQUITY.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
The new equipment enabled us to finish the work in an hour.
The new train station is under construction and will be completed soon.
There are a lot of chestnut trees and flowers in the city.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger.
The three of you should be on the cover of a magazine.
They regularly milk the caterpillar for the desirable honeydew that it produces.
This crime, this robbery, could be a political disaster for the mayor.
This training strengthened my faith and helped me draw closer to Jehovah.
Three dormers with Palladian windows called attention to the broad-hipped slate roof.
Through the 3D printer, he was able to reconstruct faces and life.
Tom checked Mary's pulse to see whether she was alive or not.
Tom drilled a hole in the wall and hit a water pipe.
Tom got his shovel out of the truck and began to dig.
When the soil is too dry, you dig, fertilize and water it.
When you take the shahada, you need to have two Muslim witnesses.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
You can make a cake with flour and milk and an egg.
emperatures of up to 45 °C are forecast on the Iberian peninsula
OU CAN GO TO THE THEATRE, THE CINEMA, OR THE SWIMMING POOL.
After he finished repairing the engine, there were a few parts left over.
A high-voltage power supply is one that outputs hundreds or thousands of volts.
Anhydrite, or anhydrous calcium sulfate, is a mineral with the chemical formula CaSO4.
A patch test is used to identify the causative allergen in allergic conjunctivitis.
A rose is fresher as a bud than as a flower in bloom.
Bhutan's national sport is archery, and contests are regularly organized in most towns.
But one thing they neglect to mention is how... sad life can be:(
Crack two eggs into a bowl, then whisk them together with some milk.
Dormant volcanoes no longer produce eruptions, but might again sometime in the future.
For three days, he did not get up off of the moldy hay.
INTERDEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION COUNCIL FOR CYNOLOGICAL DIVISIONS INTERACTION OF THE STATE SECURITY SYSTEM BODIES
‘I know all that,' said Grünlich, and another screw tinkled to the floor.
I'm gonna schedule a press conference so you can make an official statement.
In French-speaking parts of Canada, the campaign is done under the hashtag #MoiAussi.
In order to get the soil ready for planting you must plow it.
In order to make this cake you need baking powder and unsalted butter.
Many of the ancestral rites of this tribe have been lost over time.
Peppa Pig is a pleasant, light-hearted and fun programme for kids to watch.
Protestantism is one of the most dynamic religious movements in the contemporary world.
SAMI CONVERTED TO ISLAM A FEW MONTHS AFTER HE WAS RELEASED FROM JAIL.
Society does not encourage relationships between people who have a large age gap.
Solve this cubic equation: x³ + 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
The Catholic Bible contains everything in the Protestant Bible plus several other books.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation's economy.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
Their camera cables run through an outside wall into their security room here.
The only function of this complex molecule is to store and copy information.
There is internal competition in the editorial department about the manga magazine sales.
These departments coordinate the design, construction, and maintenance work in their respective regions.
This was not completely logical, although his next action was much more logical.
To further develop the process for large-scale ammonia production, Haber turned to industry.
We pray that it will nourish and rejuvenate our body and our soul.
the ruling centre-right Labour Party won a lanslide victory in the general election
A field of tulips at Tulip Town in Mount Vernon during the 2013 festival.
Although opinions regarding our planet's future differ, one thing is certain: Earth is unique.
A modern digital wattmeter samples the voltage and current thousands of times a second.
A new edition was presented in 2018 by Editorial La Fauna, in Madrid, Spain.
Animal feed is food given to domestic animals in the course of animal husbandry.
Article XVII establishes the methods by which the Constitution may be amended or revised.
A SKI RESORT IS A RESORT DEVELOPED FOR SKIING, SNOWBOARDING, AND OTHER WINTER SPORTS.
At present, the greatest number of robots are being used in the automotive industry.
A witness identifying a suspect can make a decision with little or great confidence.
Continually melting of these precious landscapes may one day produce catastrophes across the planet.
Do not turn off the system while the auto-save icon is on the screen.
EDUCATION MANUFACTURES MACHINES THAT ACT LIKE HUMANS AND PRODUCE HUMANS WHO ACT LIKE MACHINES.
Egypt's current fiscal policy seeks to reduce the state budget deficit and public debt.
Farmers were driven off their land, and crops and livestock were destroyed or stolen.
For f(x)=2x+1, when the domain of the function is [1,2], the range is [3,5].
For the height of the triangle we have that h2 = b2 − d2.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it
Histologically, sarcoidosis of the heart is an active granulomatous inflammation surrounded by reactive oedema.
In Europe, the induction of active immunity emerged in an attempt to contain smallpox.
"In German",Mädchen" actually takes a neutral article, like most nouns that end in "-chen.
In the Japanese gaming industry, arcades have remained popular through to the present day.
It was an old building, and the ceiling had been made of heavy plaster.
I was raised a Catholic, and having been taught that she was in heaven
Joseph Stalin created Socialist Realism by decree in 1932 to glorify communism through art.
Materials generally used for surface hardening are plastic sheeting, butyl rubber, metal foil, etc.
Microbicides are another potential prevention technology that could change the landscape of HIV/AIDS prevention.
MINI MANGO FRUIT SUGAR BECAUSE SUGAR IS BAD POLLINATED SEEDS ARE SMALL AND THIN.
Nectar source plants are important for beekeeping, as well as in agriculture and horticulture.
"One afternoon, I grabbed my parachute and said, "Between a star and two swallows.
One of the most important things in boxing is the bond between trainer and...
Rain helps plants and food crops flourish, and it keeps grasslands green and lush.
Several pet food companies use bison as a red meat alternative in dog foods.
Solid mahogany, pan-finished with burwood accents the same wood used in luxury automobile interiors.
Standards of hygiene are higher, and maternal death rates lower, than they've ever been.
The casino gaming industry is one of the fastest-growing multi-billion-dollar industries in this country.
The concrete layer of the nuclear reactor's shielding will be destroyed using controlled explosions.
The damage to the economy for each one who does this is around $15,000.
The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race.
The digital recordings of the seismic signals are analyzed in a sliding time window.
The digital revolution is paving the way towards strikingly new forms of social relationships.
The door was solid timber bound with iron, secured with a heavy iron lock.
The engine breaks down, the transmission gives out, he dodges, he ignores the warranty.
The marine iguana is a species of iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands.
The most common gas welding process is oxyfuel welding, also known as oxyacetylene welding.
The number of vascular plant species in the Apennines has been estimated at 5,599.
The power delivered by a one square metre solar panel is approximately one watt.
THERE IS A CUSTOM OF EATING BUCKWHEAT NOODLES ON NEW YEAR'S EVE IN JAPAN.
The tree roots have burst through the cement at several points along the sidewalk.
This colony exists because of his sacrifice and the sacrifice of thousands of others.
Today's paper reports that the premier has given up the idea of visiting America.
Unlike cinema reels and old photographs, videocassettes were easy to store, copy, and distribute.
We had a dress rehearsal for the dance show the morning before opening night.
What does God's Word say about the economic plight of religion and its outcome?
When an ecosystem experiences an increase in nutrients, primary producers reap the benefits first.
With a few exceptions, the two-cycle degree system will be phased out by 2010.
Within the forest, raccoons, frogs, turtles, alligators, snakes, wildcats, deer and other creatures forage.
ADDITIVE MACHINING MEANS 3D PRINTING TO CREATE INDUSTRIAL COMPONENTS, PROTOTYPES, TOOLING, AND END-USE PRODUCTION PARTS.
Algeria's focus on hydrocarbon exports exposes its economic growth to the vagaries of international speculation.
All we need is to drag the bell inside, place the charge, light the fuse...
An acute abscess may be painless but still have a swelling present on the gum.
A protective wall, carefully fashioned terraces, and a watchman's booth marked a well-kept hillside vineyard.
A white panther is a white specimen of any of several species of larger cat.
A year ago I realized that in life, I am a nobody and a nothing.
Bauer has guaranteed that the technology will not fall into the hands of the chinese.
Before the wedding the bridesmaids are expected to plan a bachelorette party for the bride.
Bison and elk once found habitat in the Ouachita Mountains, but have since been extirpated.
BUT TO DO THAT, MORE MONEY WILL BE NEEDED FOR BETTER EQUIPMENT AND TECHNICAL FACILITIES.
Cinnamon is an evergreen tree characterized by oval-shaped leaves, thick bark, and a berry fruit.
DEPARTMENT OF INTERNATIONAL MILITARY COOPERATION OF THE MINISTRY OF DEFENSE OF THE REPUBLIC OF BELARUS
Duncan tells me you are making a play for the New York metropolitan ballet account.
Either injected or smoked, heroin is used both as a painkiller and a recreational drug.
For agricultural research purposes, assessing the viability of pollen grains can be necessary and illuminating.
For support, and latest versions of quick guide and user guide, visit our website: www.yotaphone.com.
I brought my plow in for a tune-up and found it loaded with foreign parts.
If your orchid has yellowish leaves, it means that it was placed in inappropriate location.
Kieserite, MgSO4·H2O, can be combined with a solution of potassium chloride to produce potassium sulfate.
Manufacturing is the process of converting raw materials into finished products using machinery and labor.
Market capitalization is equal to the share price multiplied by the number of shares outstanding.
"Music: Songs featuring increasingly violent lyrics "have moved into the mainstream of the music industry
Nominally, periodical publishing involves publications that appear in a new edition on a regular schedule.
Other affected sectors include retail trade, transportation, repair and maintenance services, agriculture, health and education.
Poplar, Willow, and Eucalyptus tree are emerging as favorites in the process of creating Treethanol.
Primer can reduce the number of paint coats needed for good coverage and even color.
Rainwater is distributed through an irrigation system and collected in cisterns for the rooftop garden.
So many soldiers are needed for every thousand inhabitants... simply to provide a safety minimum.
Some addiction experts say signs of gaming addiction are similar to alcoholism and drug addiction.
SPORTS, MUSIC, AND DANCING, FOR EXAMPLE, HAVE BECOME A PROMINENT PART OF HIS WORLD'S ENTERTAINMENT
The Cavalier Generation was born from 1618 to 1647 and were of the nomad archetype.
The President of the Republic shall be elected by an absolute majority of votes cast.
The amazing thing is that productivity did not increase in those factories for 30 years.
The electronics industry is moving into high gear to produce millions of such recorder units.
The espionage, the betrayals, the arrests, the tortures, the executions, the disappearances will never cease.
The gross national product per capita grew roughly 1.76% per year from 1870 to 1913.
Their main weapon was grenades, but it was still a long way to throw them.
There are many kinds of flour: wheat flour, spelt flour, rye flour, and many others.
The senior medical officer believes that his altered mental state was caused by... cocaine toxicity.
The subsequent history of the ancient Jews proved that Isaiah's prophecy was fulfilled in detail.
The walrus plays an important role in the religion and folklore of many Arctic peoples.
This relish has a sweet taste of tomatoes, sweet scented pepper, savory and fragrant spices.
Today we hear much talk of ethics in the world of economy, finance and business.
Who, if not they, should wander around the festival and make fun of poor people?
A TESLA SUPERCHARGER IS A 480-VOLT DC FAST-CHARGING TECHNOLOGY BUILT BY AMERICAN VEHICLE MANUFACTURER TESLA INC.
A breast abscess is a collection of pus that develops in the breast with various causes.
A heron, a crab, lots of fish and other creatures used to live in a pond.
Another aspect of integral human development that is worthy of attention is the phenomenon of migration.
Another ice hockey goaltender Bill Durnan, had the ability to catch the puck with either hand.
BURTON CUT OFF A STALK WITH HIS KNIFE AND TESTED THE STALK FOR TOUGHNESS AND FLEXIBILITY.
Cattle ranching in the Southwestern US was first introduced by early settlers in the 17th century.
Current biometrics scanning equipment used by China Immigration Inspection is manufactured by Chinese company Max Vision.
During childhood and youth a person's conduct and feelings are naturally influenced by the family atmosphere.
Eigendecomposition of the rotation matrix yields the eigenvalues 1 and cos θ ± i sin θ.
Episodes are presented in a format similar to an Olympic television broadcast, with an unseen announcer.
Family Law in Partnership is a team of specialist family lawyers, arbitrators, mediators and family consultants.
Fiscal conservatism is the economic and political policy that advocates restraint of progressive taxation and expenditure.
Galileo was saying that science can discover truths about nature using its own methods of investigation.
If it weren't for the problem with the sewers, we would already have built the house.
If it would depend on popularity, Donald Duck and The Muppets would take seats in senate.
It is a tree growing to 30 m tall, with a trunk diameter of 1 m.
Manchester United is one of the most successful teams in both the Premier League and England.
Mass media in Venezuela comprise the mass and niche news and information communications infrastructure of Venezuela.
Millions of people can see different lands, new plants, unusual animals and birds, mountains and valleys.
Moreover, it doesn't require special training or athletic skill - only a good pair of shoes.
Multimodal biometric systems use multiple sensors or biometrics to overcome the limitations of unimodal biometric systems.
Please boil the eggs just a little so that even the whites are not quite hard.
Prayer, as a means of drawing ever new strength from Christ, is concretely and urgently needed.
Relative growth of spruce and pine trees was significantly higher on plots with high nitrogen deposition.
SILVER, LIKE ALL PRECIOUS METALS, MAY BE USED AS A HEDGE AGAINST INFLATION, DEFLATION OR DEVALUATION.
Soviet economist Nikolai Kondratiev theorized that capitalism advances in 50-year expansion/stagnation cycles, driven by technological innovation.
The Party happens to be one of the most meritocratic political institutions in the world today.
The military technician crawled over to the typist and examined the lever and gears from below.
The social sciences and the direction taken by the contemporary economy point to the same conclusion.
The trial is expected to draw considerable media coverage due to the nature of the charges.
This rice cooker also includes a rice spatula, a spatula holder, and a plastic measuring cup.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a showcase for arts and culture.
We can unhitch economic growth from oil, making our climate more stable and our economies richer.
We leverage a lot of technology from the state-of-the-art in general aviation and from automotive racing.
We want to re-tile our terrace and therefore removed the tiles with a power hammer yesterday.
When the French, under Napoleon Bonaparte, occupied Malta in 1798, they made alterations to the hospital.
You can't describe the result of a non-parametric test with a statistical parameter such as variance.
Actually, the science to make those machines was really in time to produce fusion during that curve.
Actually, we are just like the water in the pot, being heat up by the burning fire.
A proletarian revolution is a social revolution in which the working class attempts to overthrow the bourgeoisie.
A vocal animal, the chital, akin to the North American elk, gives out bellows and alarm barks.
Besides the United States and Canada as trade partners, Mexico is opening its doors to other countries.
Booster pumps for household water pressure are usually simple electrically driven centrifugal pumps with a non-return valve.
By the time human civilization was a million years old, it had achieved mastery of faster-than-lightspeed voyages.
FINALLY, WHEN GOVERNMENTS AND INTERNATIONAL UNDERTAKE COMPLEMENTARY INVESTMENTS, THEY CAN STRENGTHEN THE ENABLING ENVIRONMENT FOR DIGITAL AGRICULTURE.
He again thought about the crimes of that war, for which sometime, someone would have to answer.
He knows and can tell us what is needed to make a family spiritually strong and happy.
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door.
In 1809, Napoleon Bonaparte arrested Pope Pius VII and removed the contents of the library to Paris.
In October 2014, Keane released the second part of his autobiography, which was written by Roddy Doyle.
In ice hockey, a screen is obstruction by a player of the goaltender's view of the puck.
In more recent times, it has allowed the Catholic hierarchy to influence Catholic voters in representative democracies.
I would greatly appreciate it if we could change our appointment to March 6 at 3:00 pm.
Na0 → Na+ + e− Na+ is incorporated into the NaCl crystal after giving up an electron.
One major component of environmental degradation is the depletion of the resource of fresh water on Earth.
One quarter of all the land on Earth is covered by a single, remarkable type of plant.
Over the last 20 years, the koala population in New South Wales has fallen by 25 percent.
Owners of grocery stores throughout America are worried that cuts will lead to reduced expenditures of consumers.
Painted corrugated iron hip roofs are concealed on the street elevations by an ornate masonry parapet wall.
Penguin sweaters were knitted by volunteers for the rehabilitation of penguins contaminated by exposure to oil slicks.
Prostitution, gambling, the use of narcotic substances, drunkenness, disorder, and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
Quality control is an essential aspect of manufacturing, ensuring that products meet the required standards and specifications.
The Audi A4 B5 saw nearly constant minor changes and alterations throughout its seven - year run.
The Eucharist is Christ who gives himself to us and continually builds us up as his body.
THE PURCHASING DEPARTMENT AT THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC BRANCH IMMEDIATELY GOT IN TOUCH WITH THEIR REGULAR FOOD SUPPLIERS
The best-known linguistic process with respect to the rejuvenation of Hebrew is the expansion of its vocabulary.
The church was established in 1896 as a member of the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina.
The color of the pepper depends on how long it is allowed to grow on the plant.
The composer Mozart said that many of the themes for his music came to him in dreams.
The hydraulic power itself comes from pumps driven by the engines directly, or by electrically driven pumps.
The largest bird found in Brazil is the rhea, a flightless ratite bird, similar to the emu.
The majesty of a towering mountain range is a testament to the power and grandeur of nature.
The patients participating in the drug trial don't know if they're receiving the drug or the placebo.
The problem will be easier to solve if you write the system of equations as a matrix.
They could place us wherever is convenient, but most likely, it will be into a rifle battalion.
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.
When the California gold rush began in 1849, Vanderbilt switched from regional steamboat lines to ocean-going steamships.
Actions and emotions in the current lifetime affect future incarnations depending on the nature of the particular karma.
Aimed at the general public, the booklet contains explanatory and educational narrative, accompanied by illustrative graphs and photographs.
A journalist seeking the truth should interview as many witnesses as possible in search of the true story.
A simple timber frame made of straight vertical and horizontal pieces with a common rafter roof without purlins.
Babnik started to play golf at age three and joined her first junior golf competition at age four.
Blockchain technology is a decentralized database that stores a registry of assets and transactions across a peer-to-peer network.
Both Regiments would at times serve as Infantry in the trenches before being withdrawn for service in Palestine.
CARBON DIOXIDE IS A VITAL INGREDIENT IN PHOTOSYNTHESIS, THE PROCESS BY WHICH GREEN PLANTS MAKE FOOD FOR THEMSELVES.
Compare unidirectional mass media such as radio and television with bidirectional ones such as correspondence and the Internet.
Crossbow products included the CTXD02 digital inclinometer, VG700 vertical gyroscope and GNAV540 INS/GPS guidance, navigation and control unit.
Desertification is an environmental process of ecosystem degradation in arid and semi-arid regions, often caused by human activity.
Heavy vehicles such as large trucks, excavation equipment, or vehicles with diesel engines may use 24-volt electrical systems.
ISIL'S CLAIMS TO TERRITORY HAVE BROUGHT IT INTO ARMED CONFLICT WITH MANY GOVERNMENTS, MILITIAS AND OTHER ARMED GROUPS.
If the government doesn't subsidise the car industry, it will struggle badly and may even cease to exist.
If you keep fish in a fish bowl, you should change the water at least once a week.
In 1851, French scholar and Egyptologist Auguste Mariette explored a deep tomb dedicated to the sacred Apis bull.
In artificial intelligence, procedural knowledge is one type of knowledge that can be possessed by an intelligent agent.
In his 1978 autobiography, Watson said that he had stabbed Tate and that Atkins had never touched her.
In ice hockey, the goaltender wears large leg pads to protect him from low-down impact by a puck.
In some nations, moreover, the construction or reconstruction of the State remains a key factor in their development.
Inventory Turn is a financial accounting tool for evaluating inventory and it is not necessarily a management tool.
Mass-production of building parts allowed for the construction of elaborate, affordable Victorian - style houses throughout the country.
On May 3, 2014 an interview with Sulkowicz appeared on the front page of The New York Times.
Price stability is a goal of monetary and fiscal policy aiming to support sustainable rates of economic activity.
Starting to look like real a criminal profile, which would mean this is almost like a professional investigation.
The Bible reveals that he is quite different from the deities found in popular culture and mainstream religion.
The area was first occupied by the Esselen indigenous people, who harvested acorns on the nearby mountain slopes.
THE COTTON SWABS PROVIDED TO OUR DEPARTMENT WERE INADVERTENTLY CONTAMINATED BY THIS FEMALE EMPLOYEE DURING THE PACKING PROCESS.
The exhibition, devoted to the history of the Albanian people, features objects, art works, furniture and other items.
The investor was required to put down only part of the money, with their broker funding the rest.
The police are investigating eyewitness reports stating the bomb was thrown from a car, probably a black BMW.
The regulation is also criticised by the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights as undermining refugee rights.
The vibrant colors of a sunset over the ocean are a breathtaking sight that fills us with awe.
They saturated the ground and made it possible for people to sow their seed and harvest the produce.
This enabled Rome to control the province and secure tax revenues from it without sending many soldiers there.
Unsustainable fishing on coral reef areas can lead to the depletion of key reef species in many locations.
We consult to the media about canopy questions; we have a canopy newsletter; we have an email LlSTSERV.
We recommend that your image is 254 x 133 pixels so it displays properly in the right column.
We went to the National Spelling Bee and tried to predict which children would advance farthest in competition.
Within the Christian congregation, we have the opportunity to mingle with people who live a life of faith.
You should have such control of this, language, that you feel at home among people who speak Belarusian.
An ancient Greek talisman which wards off evil and protects those in death on their journey to an afterlife?
And in New York Times and almost every newspaper, radio, television, Google, you have readers and you have advertisers.
Because the price of a share is theoretically unlimited, the potential losses of a short-seller are also theoretically unlimited.
Before a tool is differentially tempered, it is first heated to red-hot and then quenched, hardening the entire tool.
Besides the banking sector, companies are interested in investing in the energy sector, infrastructure, the food industry and telecommunications.
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.
CLOUDS COVER MUCH OF THE SURFACE, AND THE POLAR CAPS AND SEA ICE GROW AND SHRINK WITH THE SEASONS.
Environmental problems such as floods, drought, and erosion pose serious threats to farming in many parts of the country.
Even the most corrupt governments often provide such services as mail delivery, public education, fire protection, and law enforcement.
Follow Bible principles that can be applied to types of entertainment that are not specifically mentioned in the Bible.
French science writer Philippe Chambon wrote: Darwin himself wondered how nature selected emerging forms before they were perfectly functional.
Fresh vegetables from the farmers market taste so much better than the bland and old produce from the grocery.
Hornets at the apiary are captured and fed a sugar solution or bee that has been poisoned with malathion.
In calculus, the Weierstrass substitution is used to find antiderivatives of rational functions of sin φ and cos φ.
In the global era, the economy is influenced by competitive models tied to cultures that differ greatly among themselves.
Its somewhat bitter taste is used all over the world to improve the flavor of poultry, rice, and seafood
NO MAJOR ORGANIZATION RECOMMENDS UNIVERSAL SCREENING FOR DIABETES AS THERE IS NO EVIDENCE THAT SUCH A PROGRAM IMPROVE OUTCOMES.
On Facebook and Instagram, users participated by posting a single photo of a black square alongside the hashtag #blackouttuesday.
Primer is a paint product that allows finishing paint to adhere much better than if it were used alone.
Recently, specific military operations have been undertaken aimed at breaching the frontier and stirring up armed conflict in Tajikistan.
Since not all NBFIs are heavily regulated, the shadow banking system constituted by these institutions could wreak potential instability.
Sodium metasilicate is the chemical substance with formula Na2SiO3, which is the main component of commercial sodium silicate solutions.
Sonic Gems Collection is a 2005 compilation of Sega video games, primarily those in the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
Textile technology, programmable materials, nanotechnology, biotechnology, those technologies, along with automation can create sustainability and would also replace labour.
The article then gives this reminder: "Even signing a contract doesn't mean that an athlete will make the team."
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
THE ECONOMY, ENERGY AND TRADE MINISTRIES ARE MERGING INTO A SINGLE BODY, LED BY GENC RULI AS ECONOMY MINISTER.
The ground state of O2 has a bond length of 121 pm and a bond energy of 498 kJ/mol.
The use of abstraction in computer programming allows us to create and understand the behavior of very complex software.
Unlicensed production is the utilization of foreign manufacturing technology without a license, achieved through industrial espionage or reverse engineering.
Urban farming still has a long way to go to produce the environmental and health benefits claimed by supporters.
Venezuela cited Colombian President Ivan Duque's policies as the reason behind revival of the armed conflict in the country.
Well, we're almost done now that we've picked the most beautiful and elegant interior designer in the whole world.
When this happened, I think the sheriff just wanted to get quick results and get a suspect behind bars.
While these drugs cannot actually cure an AIDS patient, they can halt the deterioration of his or her condition.
You have been found guilty of statutory rape, but the real crime here is not one of moral turpitude.
A boa constrictor then frightens them into a trash compactor, where they survive being compressed into a bale of garbage.
A discount rate or capitalization rate is used to determine the present value of the expected returns of a business.
After the war, Weil reintegrated into cultural life and from 1946 to 1948, he worked as an editor at ELK.
After unification of Nepal coming Shaha king, official neglect, underdevelopment and poverty essentially continued through the 19th and 20th centuries.
And as for the ramen, you have to boil the noodles aside and eat it after draining out the oil.
An iced ginger parfait, green tea jelly, coconut mousse and crystallised ginger makes for a delicious but supremely light dessert.
Another significant issue is establishing consistent data on which to base the analysis of the impact of the Chernobyl accident.
A professional game consists of three periods of twenty minutes, the clock running only when the puck is in play.
Arctic Warfare rifles are generally fitted with a Schmidt & Bender PM II telescopic sight with fixed or variable magnification.
Beavers, along with pocket gophers and kangaroo rats, are castorimorph rodents, a suborder of rodents mostly restricted to North America.
DONALD TRUMP MUST BE EXTRADITED TO IRAQ TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THE WAR CRIMES OF THE SOLDIERS HE PARDONED.
Do you really want to go in front of the board of review And attack the sacrament of holy matrimony?
Earlier generations did not have technology that delivered gratification or disappointment as immediately as digital delivery of information does today.
General purpose technologies drive most economic growth, because they unleash cascades of complementary innovations, like lightbulbs and, yes, factory redesign.
Hinduism is a diverse system of thought with beliefs spanning monotheism, polytheism, panentheism, pantheism, pandeism, monism, and atheism among others.
I'd say I'm good at governing, having successfully managed billions of dollars in state funds during my time as treasurer
In addition to emissions during manufacture or use, hexabromobiphenyl can enter the environment from the widespread use of flame-retarded products.
Increased greenhouse gases in the region are caused not only by auto emissions and industrial activities, but also by agriculture.
In late October, colleges and student clubs stage a three-day long festival to showcase their academic achievements and artistic talent.
In some countries, when a herd of elephants encroaches upon the agricultural livelihoods of farmers, the elephants can be exterminated.
Instead of inquiring why the Roman empire was destroyed, we should rather be surprised that it had subsisted so long.
It was built at the heart of a new Muslim Empire ruled by the Umayyad Dynasty from here in Damascus.
Major demographic, economic, cultural and social changes have affected both the family as an institution and family members as individuals.
Nevertheless, their faith in God's ability to provide even when honesty puts them at a seeming disadvantage has been rewarded.
Of the animals listed above, that distinction goes to the reindeer, whose highly nutritious milk is about 37 percent solids!
POPULATION FIGURES FOR ELK ARE IN EXCESS OF 30,000 - THE LARGEST POPULATION OF ANY LARGE MAMMAL SPECIES IN YELLOWSTONE.
The agriculture products of the state are beef, soybeans, pork, dairy products, hay, corn, poultry, sorghum, cotton, rice, and eggs.
The binomial theorem can be stated by saying that the polynomial sequence {1, x, x2, x3,...} is of binomial type.
The challenge of development today is closely linked to technological progress, with its astounding applications in the field of biology.
The crisp air of a winter morning is a refreshing reminder of the changing seasons and the cycle of life.
THE ECONOMY NEEDS ETHICS IN ORDER TO FUNCTION CORRECTLY - NOT ANY ETHICS WHATSOEVER, BUT AN ETHICS WHICH IS PEOPLE-CENTRED.
The most common types of plaster mainly contain either gypsum, lime, or cement, but all work in a similar way.
The top floor, covered by a slate roof, was essentially a fighting platform that had small openings in the parapet.
Thousands of wildfires burning in the Amazon rainforest threaten to wipe out large parts of a vital and irreplaceable ecosystem.
When he brought me back to life the sixth time my pulse was so weak, he took me for dead.
representative of the republic of belarus on delimitation, demarcation and verification of the state border of the republic of belarus
A finite element method is characterized by a variational formulation, a discretization strategy, one or more solution algorithms and post-processing procedures.
Aloe vera may be prepared as a lotion, gel, soap or cosmetics product for use on skin as a topical medication.
Another Chinese agronomist, Li Zhengyou, developed the Dian-type hybrid rice, and was a pioneer in the research of high-altitude hybrid rice.
British post-production company The Mill was responsible for much of the computer - generated imagery effects that were added after filming.
Bucket wheel excavator is assembled on special mechanism, for turning of wheel to vertical and also horizontal axle of machine frame.
By the 1980s, an independence movement was established and grew, leading to Georgia's secession from the Soviet Union in April 1991.
Cacao trees only prosper under specific conditions, including fairly uniform temperatures, high humidity, abundant rain, nitrogen-rich soil, and protection from wind.
For example, the EU and US have restricted Russia's access to some of its properties abroad, to pressure Russia over Ukraine.
"For example, the formula =SUMIF(A2:A6,">20") adds only the numbers in the range A2 through A6 that are greater than 20. "
If you remove an email address from @outlook.com, it can be re-created as a new account or alias after 30 days.
In 1982, Chemical initiated the first personal computer based banking system when it launched a pilot electronic banking program called Pronto.
In fact, demographers have shown that there are anywhere between 60 million and 100 million missing females in the current population.
In fat-containing food products, levels ranged up to 0.03 mg/kg but in milk products levels up to 4 mg/kg were detected.
Injuries from a 1983 car accident left him partially paralyzed; he used a wheelchair and had limited use of his hands.
INSTALLATION OF THESE PIPES COMMENCED WITH THE RECENT ARRIVAL OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT, AND 206 KM OF PIPE HAS ALREADY BEEN INSTALLED.
Mary bought a new sport utility vehicle so that her children would be comfortable when she drove them to soccer practice.
New legislation went into force at the start of this year requiring employers to install electronic metres that record working hours.
People who love works of art will go to great lengths to restore badly damaged paintings or other works of art.
Pot herbs grow in gardens, such as lettuce, cabbage, onions, garlic, gourd, parsnip, turnip, radish, horse radish, parsley, cucumbers and pumpkin.
Recent events in Ukraine have, for the first time since the Cold War, raised the spectre of direct conflict with Russia.
Russia's aggression against Ukraine was the tipping point for the tensions and mistrust that define the U.S. - Russia relationship today.
The body of an alligator gar is torpedo-shaped, usually brown or olive, fading to a lighter gray or yellow ventral surface.
The invention relates to the wood processing industry, in particular to methods for reprocessing mill wastes of different spices of wood.
The ministries can also pool resources to arrange joint training in ethnic questions, combat racism and plan immigrant and refugee policy.
True journalist should not only amaze, delight readers, but they should inspire others to do something kind and believe in oneself.
Use of chamomile has potential to cause adverse interactions with numerous herbal products and prescription drugs, and may worsen pollen allergies.
With regard to amnesty, the notables of each of these sects were reconfirmed in their function to maintain law and order.
Wood chipping is the act and industry of chipping wood for pulp, but also for other processed wood products and mulch.
A cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants.
A good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and programming in C++ is important for a job in banking my lecturer said.
All public areas including basements for parking, have sprinkler system and smoke detectors connected to the central system of the intelligent building.
A waste exchange, or virtual exchange, facilitates the use of a waste product from one process as a raw material for another.
Because of economic recession, it was often not possible to reduce budget deficits, either by reducing government expenditures or by increasing taxes.
Clay plaster is a mixture of clay, sand and water with the addition of plant fibers for tensile strength over wood lath.
ECONOMISTS WARN THAT THE ECONOMY HAS TO GROW BY FIVE PERCENT EVERY YEAR IN ORDER TO KEEP UP WITH THE PROFESSIONAL POPULATION.
Exposure usually arises through hot metalworking processes, such as smelting and casting of zinc alloys, welding of galvanized metals, brazing, or soldering.
Formed by Europeans, mestizos, indigenous people, and slaves, from the second half of the 16th century, the population began to grow rapidly.
Furthermore, smaller and at times miniscule families run the risk of impoverishing social relations, and failing to ensure effective forms of solidarity.
Heavy meals are rarely provided by restaurants, instead however, the entrées include shish kebab, shish taouk, rack of lamb and chicken breasts.
Hunching over a computer screen or cellphone compresses the neck muscles, which causes fatigue, muscle tension and headaches, and can injure vertebrae.
If Ω is a subset of a metric space, X, with metric, d, then the signed distance function, f, is defined by.
Immediately after the explosives were stolen, our agencies started monitoring Liber8 chatter in several west coast cities, our investigation circled back here.
In one royal tomb, five menservants were found lying with their feet toward the master, ready to rise and resume their duties.
In the wastewater treatment industry, the solids that exit the trommel will be compressed and dewatered as they travel along the conveyor.
It is a difficult task to make the history of political power struggles during the Joseon Dynasty culturally understandable to foreign readers.
It is my prayer that every priesthood holder will reach out in faith to rescue every soul for whom he is responsible.
Local resistance against water and air pollution from the coal fields, the forced displacement of entire communities and environmental destruction is strong.
Most programs contain a mix of news, current affairs, sport, community information and music relating to a specific ethnic or language group.
On some of the narrow, winding mountain roads, you would be rewarded with breathtaking, ever-changing panoramic views of the land and sea.
Payroll warrants look like cheques and clear through the banking system like checks and are therefore often called paychecks by their recipients.
Scientific discoveries have done much to describe life in its various forms and to explain natural cycles and processes that maintain life.
Steel plate construction is roughly twice the speed of other reinforced concrete construction, because it avoids tying rebar and constructing forms on-site.
The Government also explained how its legislation sets reasonable limits on the exercise of free speech to ensure just and fair elections.
The Sub-Balkan valleys include nine valleys, situated between the Balkan Mountains in the north and Vitosha and Sredna Gora in the south.
THE BROADCAST MEDIA INDUSTRY IS AT A CRITICAL TURNING POINT IN ITS DEVELOPMENT, WITH MANY COUNTRIES MOVING FROM ANALOG TO DIGITAL BROADCASTS.
The foremost event in this festival was the Thaimela contest in which poets, musicians and entertainers performed in an open air theatre
The person who was raped may already have a sexually transmitted bacterial, viral and other infections and if diagnosed, it is treated.
The use of pesticides should be reduced to the absolute minimum necessary for plant protection, as indicated by the damage threshold limit.
They're wearing about 15 kg of clothing and stuff, but they have to take their gloves off in order to do that.
To remain a true Christian - especially when one's faith is tested - a Bible student needs to take another crucial step.
Unlike mainstream social media such as Facebook and YouTube, pornographic sites face a host of additional legal regulations and persistent social stigma.
When we started this out, we thought the synthesis would be the biggest problem, which is why we chose the smallest genome.
A boxing ring, often referred to simply as a ring or the squared circle, is the space in which a boxing match occurs.
A cool wind was blowing down over the long harvest fields from the rims of firry western hills and whistling through the poplars.
Additive manufacturing, or 3D printing, is a relatively new technology that allows for the creation of complex shapes and structures using digital models.
A double carport is located to the south, a tennis court to the north and an inground concrete swimming pool to the northeast.
After the American Revolution, the architecture of public buildings often borrowed from Greece and Rome to express democratic ideals of order and symmetry.
A large tree, covered with those excrescences which are the warts of vegetation, stood a few paces distant from the pile of stones.
All this needs to be accomplished with the involvement of local communities in choices and decisions that affect the use of agricultural land.
Although a few countries have laws that permit physician-assisted suicide in some circumstances, physician groups generally oppose such legislation when it is proposed.
A rugged computer located in the control cabinet communicates with the robot system via the MFC, which controls the real-time servo drive electronics.
A white strip of birch bark blowing up from the hollow over the brown floor of the grove made her heart stand still.
Earth's climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activities.
He just happened to peel his face away а from the footprints, and his head happened to become aquainted with the smashed glass.
HOWEVER, DUE TO A BILATERAL TREATY WITH FRANCE, FRENCH CITIZENS WHO RESIDE IN MONACO MUST STILL PAY INCOME AND WEALTH TAXES TO FRANCE.
IBM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology.
If a crop is harvested during humid weather, the grain may not dry adequately in the field to prevent spoilage during its storage.
In Bangui and surrounding areas, the security situation remains calm but tense, except for isolated incidents of petty crime, including break-ins and burglaries.
In order to protect nature, it is not enough to intervene with economic incentives or deterrents, not even an apposite education is sufficient.
IN THE EARLIEST DAYS OF ESPIONAGE, THAT MEANT A RAG SOAKED IN CHLOROFORM OR ETHER, BUT NOW IT'S USUALLY A SYRINGE OF PROPOFOL.
Many served joyfully to a ripe old age, firm in faith, zealous in obedience to God, patiently awaiting the outworking of his purposes.
Marble shipped from Italy, stall doors of seasoned cherry, scalloped basins, opulent and echoing, all sounds amplified by the tile and Florentine stone.
Okay, we got to lose the GPS on our phones because Garth has been tracking us, and other hunters, apparently, to assign cases.
One limitation to this method of travel is that because a spacecraft has mass, it theoretically cannot reach the exact speed of light.
Rather than have animators do everything, the team used artificial intelligence to allow virtual characters to behave in ways that mimicked real animals.
Several researchers say the bulk of risk from nanotechnology comes from the potential to lead to war, arms races and destructive global government.
Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit.
The Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad is an annual mathematical competition arranged for school and college students to nourish their interest and capabilities for mathematics.
The Patriarch of Antioch Anastasius II died in 609, and Constantinople began to appoint a series of titular patriarchs, who resided in Constantinople.
The announcement was repeated in the crisp voice of the UN announcer, speaking from the UN transmitter on the artificial satellite somewhere overhead.
The global supply chain plays a critical role in manufacturing, with components and materials sourced from around the world to create finished products.
The mercury vortex engine is perhaps a failure in the translation because the vortex is not material quite suitable to a jet engine.
The reveal of Pokémon Unite received mixed criticism, with outlets discussing the game potential to open new competitive gaming scene to new audience.
This extra axle and these two extra wheels, it changes the way the six-by-six travels over the ground, it undulates, it feels supple.
THIS SHALL BE TAKEN INTO CONSIDERATION TO ENSURE THAT ONLY ENGINES WITH SIMILAR EXHAUST EMISSION CHARACTERISTICS ARE INCLUDED WITHIN THE SAME ENGINE FAMILY.
To create their destructive blast, these weapons harness the power of nuclear fission - in which an atom's nucleus is split in two.
Tretyakov Gallery, Church of the Holy Martyr Clement Pope of Rome, museums, libraries, monuments and other sights ended up within the pedestrian zone.
Ultrasound technology provides a means for cattle producers to obtain information that can be used to improve the breeding and husbandry of cattle.
the snails are first boiled in white wine with bay leaves, celery and onion and then coated with flour and fried with rosemary
After Cleopatra's suicide the following year, Egypt too becomes a Roman province and no longer plays the role of the king of the south.
Although repeated theft can be punishable by amputation of the right hand, only one instance of judicial amputation was reported between 2007 and 2010.
American singer Christina Aguilera has released five video albums and been featured in thirty-three music videos, five films, thirteen television programs, and seven commercials.
An article in Adolescent Counselor states: Children have tended to develop attitudes and philosophies that have allowed them to take control of their parents...
Apiary size refers not only to the spatial size of the apiary, but also to the number of bee families and bees by weight.
Camouflage has been used to protect military equipment such as vehicles, guns, ships, aircraft and buildings as well as individual soldiers and their positions.
Cassette tapes, video cassette recorders, even the humble Xerox machine created new opportunities for us to behave in ways that astonished the media business.
China's relations with the USSR remained sour after the conflict, despite the border talks, which began in 1969 and continued inconclusively for a decade.
Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Furthermore, there are those who fear the effects of competition through the importation of products - normally agricultural products - from economically poor countries.
Here is a simple formula for assessing a country's approach to combating terrorism: credibility + transparency + integrity of approach = legitimacy and effectiveness.
How futile it is, then, to attempt to predict with accuracy what will happen in a more complicated game such as blackjack or roulette!
In general, Kosovo has remained largely unaffected by the fiscal turbulences in the eurozone due to its limited integration in the global financial markets.
In the figure shown above, two turbine engines are located under the wings, parallel to the body, with thrust acting along the body centerline.
It is estimated that the total monthly estimated cost of utilities for water production, sanitary and solid waste removal and generators will be $614,000.
NEW OFFICE BUILDINGS FOR THE MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS AND THE STATE ARCHIVES, AMONG OTHER GOVERNMENT AGENCIES, ARE IN THE INITIAL STAGES OF CONSTRUCTION.
So for example, in a power plant, when your big steam turbine gets too over speed, you must open relief valves within a millisecond.
"Such claims are contrasted with statements by local religious authorities, who strongly condemn all crimes committed in the name of religion or "patriotic" affiliation."
Technical modifications include re-designed front and rear struts coupled to new steering gear, as well as adjusted dampers and new rear hydraulic axle bearings.
The Turkish Culture and Tourism Ministry is planning to transfer the operational rights of ancient sites and museums to private tourism companies and associations.
The ass and the mule carry burdens, the horse (which is graced by a mane) carries us; the camel the merchant with his wares.
The husk yields a beautiful golden fiber, which can be used for making floor mats, rugs, carpets, brushes, brooms, and even stuffing for mattresses.
The issues before the court are sufficiently complex to require the attention of a learned judge, and too complex to confront a jury with.
The new Mario game is an underwater adventure where he solves the mystery of an ancient kingdom sunk to the bottom of the sea.
The oceans control, or at least significantly influence, correlate with, the growth patterns and the drought patterns and the rain patterns on the continents.
THESE EFFECTS MUST ALSO BE TAKEN INTO CONSIDERATION TO ENSURE THAT ONLY ENGINES WITH SIMILAR EXHAUST EMISSION CHARACTERISTICS ARE INCLUDED WITHIN AN ENGINE FAMILY.
The soldiers also reported participating in and witnessing the shooting and injury of dozens of protesters, and the arbitrary arrest and detention of hundreds.
The space shuttle was an attempt at a reusable rocket, but even the main tank of the space shuttle was thrown away every time.
The traditional method is to boil starchy food crops like cassava, yams or plantains and cocoyams and then pound them into a dough-like consistency.
This class of timber treatments use white spirit, or light oils such as kerosene, as the solvent carrier to deliver preservative compounds into timber
While youths seem to be particularly drawn to music, a capacity to enjoy melody and harmony appears to be built into all of us.
Agriculture plays a crucial role in providing food security, creating employment opportunities, promoting economic growth, preserving the environment, and supporting rural communities across the world.
Alternative names for the budgerigar include the shell parrot, the warbling grass parakeet, the canary parrot, the zebra parrot, the flight bird, the scallop parrot.
A week from now, the gallery will be filled with the glitterati, but no one will care because they'll be too mesmerized by your photos.
Despite pockets of agriculture, the islands are unnaturally barren due to wanton deforestation and the disappearance of the native olive groves, juniper and carob plantations.
DOMESTIC PIGS HAVE SMALL LUNGS IN RELATION TO THEIR BODY SIZE, AND ARE THUS MORE SUSCEPTIBLE THAN OTHER DOMESTICATED ANIMALS TO FATAL BRONCHITIS AND PNEUMONIA.
Examining the exhibition you have a feeling that you just lived all 4 seasons starting from soft spring colors and finishing with deep autumn colors.
For centuries, scientists have pictured the fundamental ingredients of nature - atoms and the smaller particles inside of them - as tiny balls or points.
For the machining of the sashes on glass and weather strip panels the sash is automatically turned onto the other side by a turning mechanism.
He still came to me from time to time when he desired a companion in his investigation, but these occasions grew more and more seldom.
However, they have an even greater impact today because, as events in the 20th century show, there has been a second fulfillment of Joel's prophecy.
If the scintigraphy would be evaluated in conjunction with indicis the specificity would increase from 73% to 97% but sensitivity decreases from 100% to 80%.
It is contradictory to insist that future generations respect the natural environment when our educational systems and laws do not help them to respect themselves.
On some computer boards, the capabilities or configuration was set using a dip switch mounted on the board; today these settings are done in software
Powerlifting is a sport in which athletes compete to lift the maximum sum weight of the three heavy weight events, squat, bench press and deadlift.
She lowered prettily painted plywood sides and locked the booth up tight with bolts shot home from the inside, then finished off with a padlock.
Similar to protecting yourself from tornadoes or hurricanes, getting and staying inside a sturdy building would offer protection from the explosion's shockwave, heat, and radiation.
The RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange rate based on market supply and demand with reference to a basket of foreign currencies.
The dominant religious beliefs during the Ming dynasty were the various forms of Chinese folk religion and the Three Teachings - Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism
The flowers sold in florist shops typically represent the varieties abundantly available in the season but also include blossoms flown in from around the world.
The green Antelope, all of its parts creaking, sped down the outer lane of the Boulevard of Prodigies and flew out onto the market square.
The most meaningful technological changes are being prepared on line E 63 where at present the track is being modernized for speeds of 160 km/hr.
The solution is to increase grain yields to at least two tons - and in some places to three or more tons - per hectare.
The whale uses its tongue to force the water out of its mouth, trapping the krill on plates of hairy bristles that line its jaw.
Today, the first day of filming, the actors are dressed normally for the ceremony organised by the producer, Paulo Branco, and by the Portuguese authorities.
WHEN NOT SERVED ALONE, FALAFEL IS OFTEN SERVED WITH FLAT OR UNLEAVENED BREAD WHEN IT IS WRAPPED WITHIN LAFA OR STUFFED IN A HOLLOW PITA.
With problems such as the global pollution, the breakdown of family life, the increase in crime, mental sickness, and unemployment, man's future may look bleak.
A board of education, school committee or school board is the board of directors or board of trustees of a school, local school district or equivalent.
According to the World Wide Fund for Nature, the combination of climate change and deforestation increases the drying effect of dead trees that fuels forest fires.
Although the issue has figured in every election campaign, successive governments have proven unable to extricate the company from its huge debts and excessive labour costs.
An oil boom is a period of large inflow of income as a result of high global oil prices or large oil production in an economy.
Because nowadays, we have interactive content, like video games, that have hundreds of hours of interactive game plays, but only two hours of music, on average.
For more information and ideas on how to interpret and act on the data in your Webmaster Tools account, check out our help center resources here.
I am asking you to vote for the Labour Party, because that would give you a government that can truly take responsibility for the county's economy.
In October 2017, Lewinsky tweeted the #MeToo hashtag to indicate that she was a victim of sexual harassment and/or sexual assault, but did not provide details.
In the negative imperative mood, Kansai dialect also has the somewhat soft form which uses the ren'yōkei + な/na/, an abbreviation of the ren'yōkei + なさるな/nasaruna/.
It was beautiful in the country, it was summer-time; the wheat was yellow, the oats were green, the hay was stacked up in the green meadow.
Journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger, particularly when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in states that do not respect the freedom of the press.
Large quantities of the fruit are grown in New Zealand where it is a popular garden tree and commonly available in season from March to June.
Part of why corn syrup is in everything is because massive corn monocultures have created a surplus that agriculture companies are scrambling to get rid of.
SHE STARTED SELLING DOUBLE GLAZING, THEN THE PROPERTIES THE DOUBLE GLAZING WAS IN, THEN THE MORTGAGES THAT BOUGHT THE PROPERTIES AND THEN ANY KIND OF LOAN.
Space technology has been incorporated into agriculture in the form of GPS devices, and robust on - board computers installed as optional features on farm tractors.
The Council of Ministers expects military engagement in peace operations in keeping with the UN Charter to meet with positive reactions from the EU and NATO.
The USSR's invasion of Afghanistan was only one sign of insecurity in the region, also marked by increased American weapons sales, technology, and outright military presence.
The high-mass air well design attempts to cool a large mass of masonry with cool nighttime air entering the structure due to breezes or natural convection.
THE INTEGRATED ECONOMY OF THE PRESENT DAY DOES NOT MAKE THE ROLE OF STATES REDUNDANT, BUT RATHER IT COMMITS GOVERNMENTS TO GREATER COLLABORATION WITH ONE ANOTHER.
The walrus has an air sac under its throat which acts like a flotation bubble and allows it to bob vertically in the water and sleep.
Those who are best at table tennis, a sport that demands extreme precision of movement and careful strategy at the top levels, often come from Asia.
To ensure a good harvest, the farmer regularly pruned the vine to enhance productivity and hoed the soil to keep weeds, briars, and thorns at bay.
Transaction fees for cryptocurrency depend mainly on the supply of network capacity at the time, versus the demand from the currency holder for a faster transaction.
Universal Pictures purchased the filming rights for The Lonely Lady in 1975, one year before the novel was published, hoping to release the adaptation in 1976.
When western honey bees are used to pollinate alfalfa, the beekeeper stocks the field at a very high rate to maximize the number of young bees.
Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
From its highly publicized debut three years ago recent polls indicate a growing dissatisfaction with the time, money and effort consumed by this space - borne community.
I doubt anyone would risk the stiff penalties for impersonating a federal officer just to ask questions about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex.
In social environments that lacked a stable home or environments such as refugee situations, uncles and fathers would equally be assigned responsibility for their sons and nephews.
In some cases, the bribes were paid to college athletic team coaches who labeled the students as recruited athletes even though they did not play the sport.
It's a show based on comedy, with a guy who's happy to play a major part in it, which is the antithesis, really, of doing an interview.
New York City is also a center for the advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries and is also the largest media market in North America.
Relations between the Shia and the Wahhabis are inherently strained because the Wahhabis consider the rituals of the Shia to be the epitome of shirk, or polytheism
So if we know the hypotenuse and we know this is a 30-60-90 triangle, we know the side opposite the 30 degree side is 1/2 the hypotenuse.
Studies concerning bilingual students language use in science class have mainly been conducted in settings where both the teacher and the students speak the same minority language.
The Vatican Library has the drawing of the Map Of Hell, and the illustrations for cantos I, IX, X, XII, XIII, XV and XVI of the Inferno.
The car, to them, is a passe form of prestige, of assuming, through the BMW or Mercedes label, a dignity beyond what the owner knows she's worth.
THE CONSTITUTION AND ELECTORAL LAW STATE THAT ONLY MEMBERS OF THE THREE CONSTITUENT ETHNIC GROUPS ARE ELIGIBLE TO STAND FOR ELECTION TO THE TRIPARTITE PRESIDENCY AND PARLIAMENT.
The construction crew worked tirelessly, pouring concrete, framing windows, and roofing the structure, while cranes lifted steel beams into place and heavy machinery dug trenches for utilities.
There, a collection from the Italian house Glamur was followed by local designer Admir Karisik, who presented dance costumes worn by BiH dancers moving to Latino music.
The subsequent verses of the account of this glorious vision tell of the time when Jehovah God will radically change conditions on this earth for the better.
Tracking viral load is used to monitor therapy during chronic viral infections, and in immunocompromised patients such as those recovering from bone marrow or solid organ transplantation.
While the software itself comes at no cost, the developers investigated ways to monetize it, with potential options including paid customization options such as emoji or stickers.
You see, the first wave of managers simply replaced their steam engines with electric motors, but they didn't redesign the factories to take advantage of electricity's flexibility.
Although this procedure has been performed for over 20 years and has been described by medical researchers for some years before that, it is just now becoming popular.
And because legal defense is hundreds of thousands of dollars in copyright cases and millions in patents, their targets are usually highly motivated to settle out of court.
His teacher thought that he was drawing an image of Palmyra, a historic city so devastated that UNESCO has stepped in to preserve it before nothing is left.
In addition, it can be helpful to promote new ways of marketing products from deprived areas of the world, so as to guarantee their producers a decent return.
In optical triangulation, the satellite can be used as a very high target for triangulation and can be used to ascertain the geometric relationship between multiple observing stations.
It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.
Jordan Bunker, who had had no experience with chemistry until then, read this paper and reproduced the experiment at his maker space using only off-the-shelf substances and tools.
Like a latte, coffee mocha is based on espresso and hot milk but with added chocolate flavouring and sweetener, typically in the form of cocoa powder and sugar.
On 18 March, the government tightened the measures of quarantine, implementing a curfew from 8 PM - 5 AM where citizens are not allowed to leave their homes.
Perhaps it was an emotional decision - like the promise to close nuclear power plants after the Fukushima disaster or the open - door refugee policy of 2015.
Pursuant to the Refugee Law [L.6 (I)/2000, as amended], an applicant has the right to have a lawyer or legal advisor during all stages of the asylum procedure.
That's a fairly large amount of pain for a public sector that was fat and happy throughout almost the entirety of the period after the global financial crisis.
The coasts are home to seabirds, penguins, and seals, which feed in the surrounding ocean, including the emperor penguin, which famously breeds in the cold, dark Antarctic winter.
THE DYSTOPIA THAT WORRIES ME IS A UNIVERSE IN WHICH A FEW GENIUSES INVENT GOOGLE AND ITS ILK AND THE REST OF US ARE EMPLOYED GIVING THEM MASSAGES.
The ingredients for the suppositories were melted into a base of cocoa butter or glycerine, and the mixture was brought to the boil and poured into the moulds.
The law allows witnesses and victims to testify by video link and aims to enhance the efficiency of war crimes proceedings while improving co-operation with the UN tribunal.
The law allows witnesses and victims to testify by video link and aims to enhance the efficiency of war crimes proceedings while improving co-operation with the UN tribunal.
Unlike other EU leaders, Tsipras will most likely be at Moscow's Red Square on May 9 for the 70th anniversary of the Nazi surrender to the Soviet Union.
Well, ahem... tell me, Allen, with all this foreign education under your belt, how is it you choose to subject yourself to the rigors of an outdoor life?
A 2015 national survey of trans people found that eight percent of us had had a urinary tract infection in the past year as a result of avoiding restrooms.
A Syrian woman who I recently met at a refugee camp in Greece articulated it best, when she recalled the exact moment she realized she had to flee Aleppo.
A favourable option for the reconstruction of missing adjacent fingers/multiple digit amputations, i.e. such as a metacarpal hand reconstruction, is to have a combined second and third toe transplantation.
After the Global Financial Crisis and Great Recession, Sheard argued that sustained, aggressive monetary and fiscal policy expansion was needed to restore lost aggregate demand in the developed economies.
A power cord, line cord, or mains cable is an electrical cable that temporarily connects an appliance to the mains electricity supply via a wall socket or extension cord.
He found out that an elephant can be taught to respond to 24 different verbal commands as well as numerous silent commands given by movements of the rider's body.
Industry and tourism increased steadily throughout the first half of the 20th century due to a great demand for industrial products and the increased mobility of people to travel.
In fact, even if producing CO2 was good for the environment, given that we're going to run out of hydrocarbons, we need to find some sustainable means of operating.
In the year that followed the battle of Uhud, the Meccans girded themselves for a final assault that they hoped would finish off the Muslims once and for all.
On 29 February, Monaco announced its first COVID-19 case, a man who was admitted to the Princess Grace Hospital Centre, then transferred to the Nice University Hospital in France.
Reactor No. 4 was the site of the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, and the power plant is now within a large restricted area known as the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone.
The Family Court was created by Part 2 of the Crime and Courts Act 2013, merging into one the family law functions of the county courts and magistrates' courts.
The building was of gray, lichen - blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side.
The drawing-room was furnished with a Louis XV suite under covers, and the covers were only taken off once a month to give the silk underneath a delicate brushing.
UKRAINE AND GEORGIA WILL ONLY HAVE A CHANCE TO ENTER NATO ONCE THEIR CONFRONTATIONS WITH RUSSIA ARE FULLY OVER, THAT IS, WHEN THEY WON'T NEED NATO'S PROTECTION ANY MORE.
Additionally, a wholehearted effort on the part of each one of Jehovah's servants will produce a grand witness to the God of love, Jehovah, and to his Son, Jesus Christ.
At present, nanoinformatics is an extension of bioinformatics due to the great opportunities for nanotechnology in medical applications, as well as to the importance of regulatory approvals to product commercialization.
In a July 2009 CNN interview with John King, Powell expressed concern over President Obama growing the size of the federal government and the size of the federal budget deficit.
In the third scenario, the player is set as the leader of a refugee group who have taken over a generator reserved originally for a large group of wealthy lords.
It is from their reciprocal encounter in the marketplace that one may expect hybrid forms of commercial behaviour to emerge, and hence an attentiveness to ways of civilizing the economy.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
Of course, I have no welding iron, no rivets, scorched wiring, and it seems I must continue to lie to anyone who asks me what it is I'm actually doing!
She studied at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln, where she was majoring in home economics and at the University of California, Irvine, where she was majoring in social ecology.
Since 2010, Réunion is home to a UNESCO World Heritage Site that covers about 40% of the island's area and coincides with the central zone of the Réunion National Park.
The problem of food insecurity needs to be addressed within a long-term perspective, eliminating the structural causes that give rise to it and promoting the agricultural development of poorer countries.
They should be the focus of the East Asia Summit, which in turn should become the premier forum for taking up regional security issues and ensuring that stability is maintained.
Until recently only a few benthic species of shark, such as hornsharks, leopard sharks, catsharks, and zebra sharks, had survived in aquarium conditions for up to a year or more.
We believe that the arresting officers' testimony as well as the exhibits prove that there is more than enough probable cause to proceed against the defendant on all four counts.
Workers in some sectors are already marked for job loss due to funding cuts, but authorities say other sectors will receive EU funding as a result of the accession process.
According to government media, the economics ministry tipped the intelligence authorities about suspicious loan applications in the banking system and the main culprits are as of May 2014 in police custody.
A central bank, reserve bank, or monetary authority is an institution that manages the currency and monetary policy of a state or formal monetary union, and oversees their commercial banking system.
A gardener may prepare his ground, sow his seed, and carefully tend the plants, but in the end it is because of the wonderful creative power of God that things grow.
Agriculture is the backbone of the economy, although it is struggling with a chronic shortage of funds for the purchase of irrigation equipment and fertilizers, which has significantly reduced agricultural output.
Alexander Hamilton as Secretary of the Treasury in the 1790s strongly promoted the banking system, and over heavy opposition from Jeffersonian Republicans, set up the First Bank of the United States.
ARTICLE 5 DID NOT HAVE TO BE CONSTRUED IN SUCH A WAY AS TO MAKE IT IMPRACTICABLE FOR THE POLICE TO FULFIL THEIR DUTIES OF MAINTAINING ORDER AND PROTECTING THE PUBLIC.
Religion is a complex and diverse aspect of human culture, encompassing beliefs, practices, and traditions that have shaped societies throughout history and continue to influence individuals and communities around the world.
(Rocket launch) So now it's hovering at about 40 meters, and it's constantly adjusting the angle, the pitch and yaw of the main engine, and maintaining roll with cold gas thrusters.
Sports are physical activities that involve competition, skill, and strategy, and are enjoyed by people of all ages and backgrounds around the world, providing opportunities for exercise, social interaction, and entertainment.
"This morning in Saratskiy district the driver of a "Peugeot" drove onto the oncoming lane at 115 km of the Odessa-Reni highway and collided with a bus carrying six people. "
TODAY, AS HEADS OF UN REFUGEE AND DEVELOPMENT AGENCIES, WE CALL FOR THE WORLD TO RESPOND TO THIS MONUMENTAL UPHEAVAL BY GIVING PEOPLE THE TOOLS THEY NEED TO REBUILD THEIR LIVES.
To return from cinema to so-called real life, the ultimate lesson of psychoanalysis is that exactly the same goes for our real life experience, that our emotions as such are deceiving
A feral animal is one that has escaped from a domestic or captive status and is living more or less as a wild animal, or one that is descended from such animals.
Agriculture is the cultivation of crops and the raising of animals for food, fiber, and other products, and has been a fundamental part of human civilization since the beginning of recorded history.
Imazapyr is a non-selective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds including terrestrial annual and perennial grasses and broadleaved herbs, woody species, and riparian and emergent aquatic species.
In Tibetan cuisine, sausages or gyurma refer to blood sausages and are made with yak or sheep's blood which may or may not include either rice or roasted barley flour as filler.
In order to prepare a natural jus, the cook may simply skim off the fat from the juices left after cooking and bring the remaining meat stock and water to a boil.
Once a payroll check from a large company with millions of dollars on deposit in local or statewide banks finds its way into the hands of a counterfeiter, he is in business.
Then it goes to a diagnostic center, and within one minute of your heart attack, your signal appears on the screen of a computer and the computer analyzes what your problem is.
A significant industry in leisure cruising arose beginning in the late 19th century, providing large passenger vessels for travel to summer resorts and hotels in the north woods, away from the polluted cities.
In 2010, Schallert made a series of public service announcement videos with Patty Duke and other castmates from The Patty Duke Show for the Social Security Administration, which can be found at www.ssa.gov.
Scientific discoveries in this field and the possibilities of technological intervention seem so advanced as to force a choice between two types of reasoning: reason open to transcendence or reason closed within immanence.
"Technological development can give rise to the idea that technology is self-sufficient when too much attention is given to the "how" questions, and not enough to the many "why" questions underlying human activity."
A complex number is a number that can be expressed in the form a + bi, where a and b are real numbers, and i is a solution of the equation x2 = −1.
A field F is called an ordered field if any two elements can be compared, so that x + y ≥ 0 and xy ≥ 0 whenever x ≥ 0 and y ≥ 0.
ALTERING INFORMATION ON SUBSECTION 10 OF A TITLE DEED MAY NOT BE VERY EXCITING, BUT WHEN THAT INFORMATION MAKES A LOAN SHARK LOOK LIKE A COP, IT CAN BE AS DEADLY AS A BULLET.
Similarly, if an entire function has a pole of order n at ∞ - that is, it grows in magnitude comparably to zn in some neighborhood of ∞ - then f is a polynomial.
The French alphabet contains twenty - six letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
Scientists often classify animal reproduction according to the degree of development that occurs before the new individuals are expelled from the adult body, and by the yolk which the egg provides to nourish the embryo.
With the first notification you will receive information on logging details and an activation link, which will enable you to set up an individual password constituting the basis for further logging onto the eNote site.
ACT ON INFLICTING DAMAGE TO THE LIFE OR HEALTH OF THE PASSENGER AND/OR LOSS, SHORTAGE, OR DAMAGE (DESTRUCTION) TO HIS LUGGAGE, UPON BOARDING, CARRIAGE, DISEMBARKING OF THE PASSENGER, OR LOADING, TRANSPORTATION, OR UNLOADING OF THE LUGGAGE
But if I were to ask you a similar question: What percentage of the population do you think is capable of truly mastering calculus, or understanding organic chemistry, or being able to contribute to cancer research?
If f is a function from A to B and g is a function from X to Y, their Cartesian product f × g is a function from A × X to B × Y with.
Plants are essential for life on Earth, they produce oxygen, provide food, and play a crucial role in the ecosystem, from towering trees to tiny flowers, plants come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and colors.
On the other hand, formerly prosperous nations are presently passing through a phase of uncertainty and in some cases decline, precisely because of their falling birth rates; this has become a crucial problem for highly affluent societies.
"While I was pondering this question, I came across this urban legend about Ernest Hemingway, who allegedly said that these six words here: "For sale: baby shoes, never worn," were the best novel he had ever written."
Yet the requirements of justice must be safeguarded, with due consideration for the way in which the capital was generated and the harm to individuals that will result if it is not used where it was produced
I figured it would take this long for the trees to suck up the CO2 through photosynthesis, turn it into sugars, send it down into their roots, and maybe, I hypothesized, shuttle that carbon belowground to their neighbors.
"In the Netherlands, it is the custom that, when during the construction of a house the highest point has been reached and the roof is ready for tiling, the client treats the construction workers to so-called "tile beer to celebrate this.
After I'd worked out which of the many different lists of countries in the world to use for my project, I ended up going with the list of UN-recognized nations, to which I added Taiwan, which gave me a total of 196 countries.
In view of this, States are called to enact policies promoting the centrality and the integrity of the family founded on marriage between a man and a woman, the primary vital cell of society[112], and to assume responsibility for its economic and fiscal needs, while respecting its essentially relational character.
In this perspective, it could be useful to consider the new possibilities that are opening up through proper use of traditional as well as innovative farming techniques, always assuming that these have been judged, after sufficient testing, to be appropriate, respectful of the environment and attentive to the needs of the most deprived peoples.
He was making an observation, but also expressing a wish: a new trajectory of thinking is needed in order to arrive at a better understanding of the implications of our being one family; interaction among the peoples of the world calls us to embark upon this new trajectory, so that integration can signify solidarity rather than marginalization.
Meanwhile, a violation of an obligation to use a device in a vehicle appropriately for the needs of electronic toll collection, shall be punishable by a fine in the amount of PLN250 for combination vehicles with maximum permissible weight over 3.5 tonnes combined of a car with maximum permissible weight not exceeding 3.5 tonnes and a trailer or PLN750 in other instances.
The complexity and gravity of the present economic situation rightly cause us concern, but we must adopt a realistic attitude as we take up with confidence and hope the new responsibilities to which we are called by the prospect of a world in need of profound cultural renewal, a world that needs to rediscover fundamental values on which to build a better future.
IN THE ARRANGEMENT OF CHRISTIAN SACRED BUILDINGS, WHICH WERE INTENDED TO MAKE VISIBLE THE HISTORIC AND COSMIC BREADTH OF FAITH IN CHRIST, IT BECAME CUSTOMARY TO DEPICT THE LORD RETURNING AS A KING-THE SYMBOL OF HOPE-AT THE EAST END; WHILE THE WEST WALL NORMALLY PORTRAYED THE LAST JUDGEMENT AS A SYMBOL OF OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR OUR LIVES-A SCENE WHICH FOLLOWED AND ACCOMPANIED THE FAITHFUL AS THEY WENT OUT TO RESUME THEIR DAILY ROUTINE.
