Absolutism
Access
accused
ache
Activist
addition
ADHESION
Advertisement
Aerobics
after
afternoon
Agitation
Agreement
Agriculture
air
airbag
airplane
ALLOY
Ambulance
Amity
ammunition
Anaemia
ancestor
Anesthesia
Angel
angle
Anther
Antiseptic
Apologist
Apostasy
applause
Application
archaeology
armistice
arrest
arsenal
art
artefact
Arthritis
Artificial
Artist
Aspirin
Assembly
assets
Asteroid
Asthma
attorney
Authority
automation
avenue
Avocado
ball
band
Bandage
bank
bankruptcy
Baptise
barley
barn
Basilica
Basketball
Battalion
bayonet
beach
beans
Beatification
beef
Beetroot
before
Belief
Beverages
biology
black
Blackberry
Blackhole
blog
Blood
Blossom
blue
Blueberry
bomber
Botany
boulevar
bourgeoisie
Bowling
boxer
boxing
Braces
brake
brass
bread
bribery
Brick
bricklayer
broadcast
brochure
bronze
Brother
brown
Browser
brush
Budget
Buds
bull
Bulldozer
bullet
Cabbage
Cactus
calf
Camomile
Cancer
car
Cardiology
Carrot
Cash
Cashier
cat
Catarrh
Cattle
cavity
century
Ceremonial
chaff
channel
Chapel
cheese
chemistry
chemist's
Cheque
Cherry
chess
chicken
chivalry
choir
Cholera
Christian
Chrysanthemum
Church
cicada
civilization
Clinic
cloud
Clover
Coalition
coil
Coin
columnist
combine
Comet
Committee
Communism
competition
Computer
concert
Conclave
Concrete
conductor
Confederacy
Conference
Confession
Conflict
Congregation
Connect
consequence
Constellation
Constitution
Convention
copper
Copy
corruption
Cough
court
cow
crack
Cranberry
Crane
cricket
criminal
crocodile
crop
Crucifix
crusade
crusader
Crutch
cryptocurrency
Cult
cultivate
cultivation
cuneiform
Currency
Cycling
Dahlia
Daisy
dam
Damnation
Dance
dashboard
Dates
Daughter
Debate
defect
defendant
Deity
Delegation
demand
Democracy
Demon
Dentist
desert
Devil
Digital
Diplomacy
Discount
discovery
dismantling
Divine
DJ
doctor
documentary
dog
donkey
Download
drainage
Drawing
drum
duck
dune
dynasty
eagle
Earth
east
economy
editorial
eggs
Election
Elective
element
Elite
Embargo
Embassy
embroidery
Emigrant
Empire
emulsion
Endoscopy
Enrolment
entertainment
Epiphany
evening
evidence
Exchange
fact
Faith
farm
farmer
farmhouse
Father
Father-in-law
feasibility
Federation
Fern
ferro-concrete
fertilize
feudalism
Fever
fiber
Fig
File
fingerprint
firecracker
fish
Flora
Flower
foal
fog
Folklore
Folktale
Football
Fork
frost
fruit
function
Galaxy
Garlic
garrison
Germinate
God
Goddess
Goodbye
goose
Government
Grains
Granddaughter
Grandfather
Grandmother
Grandson
Graphics
Grass
grasshopper
gray
green
greenhouse
grenade
guilty
Gymnastics
Hallowed
ham
Handball
handcuffs
hardness
harvest
Headache
headlights
healthy
Heathen
Heaven
helicopter
Hell
Hello
helmet
Help!
hen
Heresy
Hibiscus
highway
hill
hippopotamus
Holy
horse
horticulture
hospital
hostilities
howitzer
humid
Hurt
Husband
ice
ill
Illustration
Inauguration
inflation
Injuries
innovation
innovative
Install
insurance
Internet
intersection
invader
invasion
investigation
irrigate
Itch
Ivy
Jasmine
javelin
jellyfish
Jogging
Joist
Journalism
judge
Juice
junction
jury
Kale
kangaroo
Knife
lake
lamb
Lame
landlord
later
law
lawyer
Leader
Leaf
leaflet
LED
Leek
legal
Lemon
leopard
Leprosy
lightning
Lily
lion
lioness
Litany
Liturgy
livestock
lizard
loss
Lotus
machete
magazine
maintenance
Mandate
mare
marsh
mass
meadow
measurement
Medicine
Mercury
method
microphone
midnight
militant
mill
millennium
missile
money
Moon
morning
Mosque
Moss
Mother
Mother-in-law
mountains
Mourner
mouse
movie
museum
music
Muslim
myrtle
Myth
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
Nanotechnology
Napkins
narcissus
Nephew
nest
Network
newspaper
Niece
night
No
noodles
noon
north
note
Nunnery
Oath
ocean
Ointment
Oligarchy
Onion
Opposition
orange
Orchard
orchestra
ore
Orthodoxy
Output
ox
Pact
Painter
Painting
Palm
Pantheon
Parliament
Parsnip
pasture
Patriarch
pesticide
Petal
phase
Photosynthesis
Picnic
Picotechnology
pig
Pilgrimage
pink
pitchfork
plain
Planet
Plant
Plantation
Plate
Please.
plow
Pneumonia
poem
poetry
Pollen
Pomegranate
Pontiff
pony
Potato
pottery
Preacher
Prescription
pressure
prices
Priest
prison
prisoner
prisoner-of-war
Processing
product
production
profit
Program
Propaganda
prosecutor
prototype
publication
punishment
purple
Radio
Radish
rain
rainbow
Ranch
rapier
Raspberry
rat
red
regiment
Relic
Religion
Religiosity
research
Resurrect
rhinoceros
rhythm
rice
river
road
robot
rock
rockstar
Rollerblading
Root
Rosary
Rose
Running
Sacrifice
salad
salary
sand
Sandwich
sausage
Scaffolding
scarecrow
Sculpture
scythe
sea
Seafood
Seed
sensational
sentence
shark
sheath
shelter
shifter
Shooting
shotgun
sin
singer
Sister
Sketch
sky
slogan
Snacks
snake
Son
south
Space
Spacewalk
Spinach
Spine
Spirit
Spoon
Spore
Sprout
Squad
square
stage
Stalk
Stamen
starfish
steel
Stem
Stepdaughter
Stepfather
Stepmother
Stepson
stone
storm
Strawberry
street
subway
Sunflower
sunrise
sunset
Supernatural
Surgeon
Surgery
suspects
swan
Swimming
synod
Syringe
tabernacle
tabloid
taboo
taxi
Television
theory
Therapy
thermometer
thunder
toast
today
tomorrow
tonight
tractor
train
tram
tribe
trinity
tuna
Turnip
Update
username
Utensils
valley
vegetables
Venus
verdict
Vine
Virus
volcano
Volleyball
Watercolour
water-drain
waterfall
Web
Weed
week
weekend
Weightlessness
Welcome
welding
west
wet
wheel
Wheelbarrow
white
Wife
wind
woodworking
workbench
worshipper
wrestler
Wrestling
yellow
Yes
yesterday
Yoga
3D printing
Abdominal pain
absolute monarchy
Adolf Hitler
Alcoholic beverages
algorithm complexity
appellate court
Arabian jasmine
archaeological excavations
asset share
atmospheric conditions
Atmospheric pressure
Atomic number
atomic radius
basketball shoe
brakdown voltage
breaking news
Broadband internet
Bronze Age
Buddhism Texts.
building brick
building construction
building line
building materials
building site
Cable feedthrough
climatic changes
climatic zone
cloud storage
cloud-to-cloud lightning
clutch chamber
Cobra saffron
cold war
Collard Greens
commercial court
constitutional monarchy
continental climate
continuum hypothesis
converter dolly
Cough syrup
Crape Jasmine
Credit card
Crimean War
current affairs
Cypress Vine
Dairy products
election result
electrical conductor
Excuse me
Face mask
Falling star
Field artillery.
fiscal court
football player
Fourth Crusade
fused T-off
gas pedal
Good day
Good evening
Good morning
Good night
grounding bar
Habsburg monarchy
hand valve
Han Dynasty
Heart disease
High jump
Holy Trinity
Horseback riding
I deny
I harvest
I'm from...
I'm sorry.
I'm vegetarian.
incremental-iterative algorithm
Indian tulip
indirect election
indoor soccer
insulation resistance
I plant
Iron Age
I understand
jewelry making
juvenile court
Laser Method
lawn tennis
license plate
Light year
Localized GUI
Long-distance running
marine mammals
matrix algorithms
metal ions
Middle Ages
military aircraft
military discipline
military manoeuvres
military training
Milky way
model building
modified algorithm
music album
news media
night jasmine
Non-alcoholic beverages
non-cash items
North star
obstructive objects
oil pan
organic superconductivity
organised crime
Paleozoic Era
particle physics
peacock flower
pedal force
pick axe
Picnic Basket
plow field
presidential election
presidential flag
prison break
prison cell
prison guard
Ptolemaic dynasty
Qing Dynasty
Real ammunition?
Red lotus
regional election
reinforced concrete
roof soffit
seat belt
shank adaptor
soap opera
Solar system
steering wheel
table router
temperate climate
tennis racquet
Textile-brightening chemicals
Textile dyeing
Textile testing
Thank you.
tropical cyclone
Turn left.
Turn right.
Water Bottle
Water lily
Water polo
water tank
weather forecast
White-collar crime
wild boar
windshield wipers
Winter Jasmine
You're welcome.
angle drive gearbox
atomic mass unit
automated assembly system
Axle gear case
bogie support bearing
Breads & Pastries
carter with ribs
chaff spreader gearbox
Come, Holy Spirit
crime against property
Cup of coffee
discounted cash-flow method
election campaign publicity
exponential growth curve
fight against crime
Fine, thank you
Glass of water
Great white shark
Heart valve problems
High blood pressure
How are you?
I am vegan
I am vegetarian
I ate well
I don't understand.
International crime tribunal
I play tennis.
Is breakfast/supper included?
It eats crops.
It is cold.
It is raining.
It is windy.
It's too spicy.
joint military commission
Leave me alone.
My arm hurts.
My legs hurt.
Nausea or vomiting
newly emerging industries
nontetrahedral carbon atom
Not a believer?
Nuts & Seeds
one o'clock AM
one o'clock PM
quadrature amplitude modulation
Roman archaeological topography
Shortness of breath
six o'clock PM
Snow is white.
Spices & Condiments
Stop all artillery.
Sweets & Desserts
The New Testament
This is delicious!
tropical monsoon climate
tropical savanna climate
two o'clock AM
two o'clock PM
two-stage electrohydraulic servovalves
Wallpaper removing preparations
water lance blower
313th Field Artillery Regiment.
A cyclone is approaching.
A MILLION FUCKING DOLLARS?
Amplitude of particle oscillation
A whole soccer team.
Can I have water?
Can one reserve tickets?
Compliments to the chef!
Do you accept card?
Do you accept dollars?
Do you have alcohol?
Do you have beef?
Do you serve beef?
Do you serve dinner?
Do you speak Bosnian?
Do you speak English?
Filtering materials of textile
global and climate issues
Has the invasion happened?
Has the money arrived?
Have a good journey!
Have a nice day
Have a nice meal!
He drives a motorbike.
He has a dog.
He rides a bicycle.
How were the actors?
I also practice Buddhism.
I can't east spicy
I don't eat beef.
I don't eat meat
I don't eat pork
I don't have cash
I have a hobby.
I'll call the police.
I love the food
Industrial oils and greases
I need a doctor.
I need your help.
international court of justice
invalidity of an election
I often have headaches.
Is that our artillery?
Is there a doctor?
It is cold today.
It is too expensive
It's a Catholic church.
I've converted to Buddhism!
measures to prevent crime
My name is ______
Nice to meet you
OK, I'll take it.
Please clean my room.
preventing and combating crime
remote electric power supplies
Scene of the crime.
soldiers disabled in war
Thank you very much
That is your avocado.
The blueberry is small.
The elephant is grey.
The fig is sweet.
The film was exciting.
The giraffes are there.
The lemon is sour.
The orange is healthy.
The pear is juicy.
The summer is warm.
The sun is yellow.
The winter is cold.
Thyroid or kidney disease
To establish the Eucharist,
Were there English subtitles?
What are your hobbies?
What bus goes to...?
What is the cheapest?
What is your name?
What time is breakfast/supper?
What time is it?
When is lunch time?
Where are the bears?
Where are you from?
Where does it hurt?
Where is an ATM?
Artillery, concentrate on the center.
Can I see the menu?
Can I use your telephone?
Can one rent a surfboard?
Can one rent diving equipment?
Can you reduce the price?
Can you suggest another hotel?
Children, where is your mother?
Computer, perform a narrow-bandwidth analysis.
Construction site thefts are real.
Criminal law and personal injury.
cut-in electromagnet and DIN clip
Did you complete your homework?
Does he practice criminal law?
Do you accept American/Australian/Canadian dollars?
Do you accept British pounds?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you have any desserts?
Do you have any pain?
Do you have anything quieter?
Enzyme preparations for industrial purposes
European Court of Human Rights
Expect artillery and aerial attacks.
Feudalism finally ended in 1848.
Flower with the four petals.
Got to update your computer.
Growing mangrove plantation at Pakistan.
Here is my account number.
He studies at the university.
How long is the film?
I always have back pain.
I can't speak Bosnian well.
I do not earn much.
I don't eat spicy food.
I don't like big dogs.
I have a doctor's appointment.
I have a stomach ache.
I have two female cats.
I'm always careful with relationships.
Industry is also very limited.
In particular, tennis and athletics.
I sometimes have stomach aches.
Is there a disco here?
Is there a nightclub here?
Is there a pub here?
Is your daughter an adult?
I want to change money.
I want to check out.
Machines for the textile industry
My family lives in Sarajevo.
My husband is a doctor.
New Testament Book of John.
No, she is only seventeen.
Now there is a penalty.
objections to an election result
Paid cash for his trouble.
Particularly during this coming election.
Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
quality control of industrial products
right to stand for election
She works at an office.
She works on the computer.
Sunshine is beneficial to plants.
That hockey's a violent sport.
The court found you guilty.
The dominant religion is Catholicism.
The film is brand new.
The film was not boring.
The main industry is metallurgy.
The referee is from Belgium.
There is a newspaper article.
The sun shines in summer.
The whole industry is shrinking.
They're like the Holy Trinity.
Wasn't that what democracy meant?
We've found your weapons arsenal.
WHAT is going on here?!
What is the exchange rate?
What is the last price?
What's on TV this evening?
When does the show begin?
When its the next bus?
Where is the tennis court?
Which textbook are you using?
Would you like to dance?
Yesterday's maximum temperature was 37ºC.
You are an amazing cook
Your blood pressure is okay.
A good film is playing today.
And Buddhism helped me do that.
An end to the criminal proceedings
Angel trumpets shrub - Brugmansia suaveolens.
Are you taking a language course?
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
Breaking news from the U.S.-Mexico border.
But she already has a boyfriend.
Can you change money for me?
Can you get me a ticket?
Could I borrow your computer console?
Cows and beef cattle up there.
Did you pay cash for them?
Do you have any rooms available?
Do you see the lake there?
Do you see the mountain there?
Fan belts for motors and engines.
Feeling very tired, dizzy or faint
Fiberglass thread, not for textile use
Global communications, cable TV, the internet.
His picked troops stormed the barricades.
How do you like the music?
How much are the admission tickets?
How much money can one withdraw?
I am currently reading this book.
I am doing an internship abroad.
I am looking for a job.
I have activated the recording mechanism.
I mean relationships need to progress.
I'm expecting a transfer from Germany.
Improvements in technology helped them succeed.
I needed men for the Crusade.
I painted the roof light blue.
I trained in monologues, not poetry!
It snows or rains in winter.
It's part mammal and part reptile.
Its terrain is rich in ore.
I want to buy a newspaper.
I will give you an injection.
I will give you some pills.
I will see you in court!
I work as a nurse part-time.
Lie down on the examining table.
match the assets to the liabilities
May I see the room first?
My foot and hand also hurt.
No serial number or unique metallurgy.
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
Plug-and-play trackers for your PGM148 Javelins.
Put your hand on the Bible.
Several vanadium alloys show superconducting behavior.
She gave milk to the cat.
Silk get his weapons and ammunition.
So you were in Napoleon's army.
The cat sleeps on the table.
The children cannot find their parents.
The main gear includes mechanical brakes.
They do not like to dance.
They like to listen to music.
They're in the Court of Appeal.
Those flowers haven't lost their petals...
Uses an amplitude comparison monopulse method.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
What do you have for lunch?
What is the weather like today?
What is your best meat dish?
Where can I get money changed?
Which credit cards can one use?
Writing poetry till he went nuts.
Yarns and threads, for textile use
You will become... a true believer.
All this moisture is corroding my servo-motors.
A lot of people work on farms.
Also satellite, cable TV, drop phone, car.
A mangrove plantation in the Indus Delta.
And how did He establish the Eucharist?
An elephant wearing a big pink bow.
Because I'll be at a local paper.
Bombarded by missiles, flying, flaming matchbook covers.
But the whale shark doesn't bow out.
Can you show me on the map?
Captain, the main artillery manned and ready!
Cañihua is a herbaceous and annual plant.
Christianity alone has over 34,000 different subgroups.
Cisco technology upgrades connectivity in Croatian schools
Do not make noise in the class
Do you want to play air hockey?
Ecosystem diversity is a type of biodiversity.
Everybody please pay attention in the class
Everything looks bright with these big windows.
He documented himself in a 1998 book.
Her buddhism has led directly to witchcraft.
Hmm, looks like a polyduranium alloy blend.
I hit you with a tennis racquet.
I'm a soldier with the confederate army.
Is there someone here who speaks English?
It found that production capacity has declined
It's a rent in the space-time continuum.
I want to eat chicken with vegetables
List of Presidents of the United States
Longisquama is a genus of extinct reptile.
Nanotechnology is the science of molecular engineering.
Not unlike butchering a herd of cattle.
Petals can differ dramatically in different species.
Pollutant emissions into the atmosphere have increased.
Powder-metallurgic alloys contain up to 18% vanadium.
Put an advert in the local paper.
Rocket technology improved during World War Two.
Solar energy technology is cost effective today.
Some infantry units are considered Special Forces.
Spyware wipes your computer file History daily.
Suddenly they had an election to win.
The current political situation isn't very stable.
The elephant was probably the most frightening.
The first Armenian Catholic church in California.
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
This is a military operation, Dr. Morgan.
Weather forecast is very good for today.
We could build a tennis court here.
We got 3 dollars and 4 cents.
We'll have to put up new wallpaper.
We want to go to the cinema.
What do you do for a living?
Where are the gorillas and the zebras?
Where are the tigers and the crocodiles?
With what sport is Wimbledon commonly associated?
You won the election, they want you.
A coroner's inquest reached a verdict of misadventure.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
A LOLCODE to JavaScript translator is also available.
A man who weighs 50 kilos is thin.
A red mangrove forest in Fajardo, Puerto Rico.
Are you familiar with Deep Net cryptocurrency transactions?
A shrub rose is named after Martin Frobisher.
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
A woman who weighs 100 kilos is fat.
Biodiversity plays an important role in ecosystem functioning.
Can you change a traveler's check for me?
Chromolaena odorata is a rapidly growing perennial herb.
Digital technology is advancing at a breakneck pace.
Dolphins are mentioned far more often than whales.
Do you believe long distance relationships can work?
Do you like to go to the opera?
Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of democracy.
Garlic sausage is a part of French cuisine.
Gloves for protection against X-rays for industrial purposes
Grilled veal paillards, tomato tapenade, and roasted eggplants.
Haris and Emina are talking about Hariss apartment.
He painted that ceiling on scaffolding lying down.
He's a non-good muckraker from the gutter press.
How long does it take to get there?
Hungary participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017.
I am a member of a sports club.
I have infantry but no cavalry or artillery.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
I'm supposed to be reading a local paper.
Iran has the technology to shoot American drones.
I think I will specialize in criminal law.
It's a strange alloy, but no magnetic properties.
It's called Mechanization or the automation of labor.
I want to deposit money in my account.
I want to pick up the bank statements.
I want to withdraw money from my account.
Jesus warned that false prophets would corrupt Christianity.
Julius Caesar, this great Roman hero, was assassinated.
Like, Old Testament, New Testament Lord on high.
Lots of butterflies are flying around the plants.
Maneouvering consumes much of an infantry unit's time.
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.
Mostly about interior decorating, especially wallpaper and chifforobes.
My grandmother made me a new dress ^_^
Nanotechnology has promise to help fight global warming.
Now the latest weather forecast for northwest Koriko.
Portuguese music encompasses a wide variety of genres.
Raccoon head in the direction of area 371.
Receive Jesus in the sacrament of the Eucharist.
Rome became a great power under Julius Caesar.
Round challah, a special bread in Jewish cuisine.
Sami was working in the social media department.
Schemes, assassinations, and political intrigues tainted their office.
So what causes Gaoligongshan's strange and remarkable climate?
The claw is made of a titanium alloy.
The crocodile shark is almost circumtropical in distribution.
The group manages assets of over $4.5 billion.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The monks of Lindisfarne translated the holy Gospels.
The most popular sport in Turkey is football.
The saltwater crocodile is the largest living reptile.
They are shrubs growing to 20 m tall.
They land in Italy during the Napoleonic Wars.
This new technology allows for faster data transfer.
This place looks like a cyclone hit it.
Those are potato farmers storing potatoes for winter.
Unless feudalism is uprooted, our revolution isn't complete.
Unwanted murals or scribble is known as graffiti.
Various species of dolphins are kept in captivity.
We're looking for a drugstore to buy medicine.
We will destroy our nuclear weapons with America.
Where can I get a traveler's check changed?
Which are you better at, baseball or volleyball?
Will these jobs be replaced by artificial intelligence?
Wow, we've got the whole village under surveillance!!!
You could even play tennis with that arm!
You like honey-roasted ham and potatoes, don't you?
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
A healthy entity can dodge traditional weapons and missiles.
Almost harvest time, but you can't remember the planting.
And yet he took up that ridiculous sport, golf.
Annual harvest is, however, well below the allowable levels.
Cephalotus follicularis is a small, low growing, herbaceous species.
Computer, transfer all referenced medical files to the simulation.
Concrete, rubber... they're all vulnerable to violent temperature changes.
Couple of hundred sacks of potatoes, the whole harvest.
Did you see what they painted on the wall?
Dismantling the security surrounding sill is a bit tricky.
Epitaxy is used in nanotechnology and in semiconductor fabrication.
Few moments ago, I read a 1930 newspaper article.
Gorgeous nanotechnology, makes NASA look like Toys 'R' US.
he nitrate ion carries a formal charge of -1.
He was watching his kid play a soccer game.
How much is a room for one person/two people?
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.
I am giving you a prescription for the pharmacy.
I don't believe in courts with all their lawyers.
I'm taking my father to Mecca for his pilgrimage.
Internal temperature 100 degrees, body oxygen replaced by hydrogen.
Iota is an Artificial Intelligence entity and Miura's assistant.
Islam gives women equal rights to dissolve a marriage.
It deflects the solar wind and protects our atmosphere.
It's a fledgling technology but it shows great promise.
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
It was originally restricted to companies in industrial sectors.
Lafayette was a firm believer in a constitutional monarchy.
Making plaster from limestone was a major technological breakthrough.
Many of them publish fiction and poetry as well.
Millions of farmers had to look for other work.
Montenegro is the current European champion in the sport
Myosotis antarctica forms small rosettes with prostrate flowering stems.
Nanotechnology, it's technology that operates on a nanite scale.
Our beryllium sphere is-is wire with plaster around it.
Our company needs someone who's familiar with advanced technology.
Persian has a relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
Political necessities sometimes turn out to be political mistakes.
Quadrumana is an outdated taxonomic division within the primates.
Rain waters our plants and keeps our grass green.
Romantic relationships tend to increase in prevalence throughout adolescence.
Social media is way for expression of ideas freely.
So I returned the favor by teaching her soccer.
So, these were at the scene of the crime?
Syzygium cumini trees start flowering from March to April.
Technology has made it easier for people to communicate.
That night he met a boat with two Catholics?
The diversity of flowering plants is not evenly distributed.
The Dominican Republic is called "República Dominicana" in Spanish.
The German team is playing against the English one.
Their job is to coat the walls with plaster.
The mayor is in a close race for re-election.
The Plantagenet dynasty not only survived, it grew stronger.
The plants are generally categorized as woody or herbaceous.
There are too many unemployed people in this country.
There will be no headlines in your local paper.
The Sanskrit word गौर gaura means white, yellowish, reddish.
The silvery gibbon ranks among the most threatened primates.
The use of new technology is attracting more costumers.
The walrus is a mammal in the order Carnivora.
The water irrigated the crops and kept Cahuachi alive.
"The word "злой" is the only monosyllabic Russian adjective."
They cleaned everything, from the basement to the attic.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
This shrub grows in forests, woodlands, and oak scrub.
Thriller explores genres including pop, post-disco, rock and funk.
To report phishing messages you've received, please email phishing@linkedin.com.
Traditionally, the flowering plants are divided into two groups.
Uh, who can tell me a little about nanotechnology?
Usually crops are the cheapest right after harvest season.
We saw many unusual plants in the botanical garden.
What is the state of the american invasion forces?
With assets generating an annual income of 200,000 euros.
With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
You got your sliced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, secret sauce.
1069 BC - Ramses XI dies, ending the Twentieth Dynasty.
2. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property.
Actuators are the motors responsible for motion in the robot.
After having experienced many failed relationships, Tom finally met Mary.
A little bit of drama is good in any sport.
Allocasuarina paradoxa is a woody shrub of the family Casuarinaceae.
An earthquake that doesn't affect anyone is a natural hazard.
Anyway, I subscribed to the local paper a month ago
A supply of magma lies deep beneath the dormant volcano.
A true believer who twists the gospel to justify murder.
Blueberries are perennial flowering plants with blue or purple berries.
Bosnian traditions are an integral part of our family celebrations.
But it does share the giant panda's taste for bamboo.
Cattle did not originate as the term for bovine animals.
Coronary artery disease is also called heart disease or atherosclerosis.
Dornálaíocht is the Irish word for boxing, dorn meaning fist.
Do you prefer vanilla ice cream or chocolate ice cream?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being truthful???
Do you still have a car available for this time?
Edible insects are raised as livestock in specialized insect farms.
Even those with a concrete structure employ steel for reinforcing.
For example, a tracking URL might look like this: http://www.googleadservices.com/image123.gif.
Gargano made his professional wrestling debut for CAPW in 2005.
Goetta is a meat-and-grain sausage or mush of German inspiration.
He's mentioned in local Saxon poetry and Parish folk tales.
He's not the sharpest Christian in the Bible, all right?
Historians and anthropologists differ on the issue of Gurjar origin.
"In German, the feminine definite article's genitive singular is "der.
I now join you in the holy bonds of matrimony.
I put the ad in the local paper and online...
Irrigating her fields, nourishing her crops with other people's passions.
I saw you and your little emoticon sad face 😔.
It is a herbaceous perennial up to 80 centimetres high.
It's no secret the industry's going through a few changes.
I want to go to the optician to buy glasses.
Millions of Americans lost their homes during the financial crisis.
Mohair is one of the oldest textile fibers in use.
Mortadella on foccacia bread, with a little roasted red pepper.
Nauru is a republic with a parliamentary system of government.
Plaster from the ceiling in this corner is continuously crumbling.
Plaster may be cast directly into a damp clay mold.
Political pundits have begun weighing in on the president's speech.
Rack of lamb with roasted eggplant and a kalamata tapenade.
Scientists say the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
So that's 7.62 by.39 mil FMJ ammunition with steel core.
Tell her to stop eating Twinkies and play field hockey.
That is, pairing the existing warheads with Iranian ballistic missiles.
The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements.
The cyclone produced severe flooding throughout regions of northern Africa.
The Gudermannian function, or hyperbolic amplitude, is named after him.
The newly married couple returned to Naples after two days.
There are about 18500 taxa of flowering plants from India.
There are four major orders in Tibetan Buddhism in Tibet.
These alloys are consistent with the hull of that capsule.
These earlier rites had survived the period of Coptic Christianity.
The Serbia Open tennis tournament is under way in Belgrade
The series' music editor and main composer is Nicolas Carr.
The two major religions in Seoul are Christianity and Buddhism.
The United Nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict.
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
They legalized their union in marriage and overcame their vices.
They lived among the Indians and converted them to Catholicism.
They were using the profits to fund Bracken's presidential campaign.
This way it sets the assets free for immediate investments
Those people are political allies and will help each other.
Tom constantly posts pictures of his life on social media.
Two pesetas a day for agricultural labours if you're lucky.
Um, the militia troops that Dingaan connected with had transport.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
Volcanoes belched trillions of tons of carbon dioxide into Venus'atmosphere.
Voters elected me to put an end to this corruption.
Welcome IBM, you huge successful East Coast mainframe computer company.
Well, the shower area is located above the drainage system.
We often spend our summer vacations with the entire family.
You think ice hockey is some kind of combat sport?
You were built with the nanotechnology... what my company patents.
Accepted were Aristotle's views on all matters of science, including psychology.
A chest x-ray to check your heart, blood vessels and lungs.
A few tiles slid off the roof of a nearby house.
A gas leak, arsenic in the wallpaper, Fungus in the shower.
Aliphatic thiols form monolayers on gold, which are topical in nanotechnology.
Although he is gone, I still love him more than everything:(
And I had these twin Yamaha 250 four-stroke motors put in.
Annee, the court is still in session to decide your... verdict.
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
But the book on which the film was based was better.
Canada has forty-three species of reptile, including turtles, lizards, and snakes.
Cost of living adjustments are calsculated to keep up with inflation.
Could you ever see us married with a couple of kids?
Dieffenbachia/ˌdiːfɪnˈbækiə/is a genus of tropical flowering plants in the family Araceae.
Digital technology for language-learning is being slowly but surely set up.
Don't forget to follow my examples during your trip abroad 🖤
Do you think Algeria will end up ever becoming a democracy?
During droughts, farmers are barely able to eke out a living.
Fadil was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.
Financial disruptions continue to weigh upon our workers and entire communities.
Having hot summer and low precipitation, most of Xinjiang is endorheic.
He also makes copious use of the smiley face emoji 😊.
He majored in computer science with a focus on artificial intelligence.
He was born to a Jewish family, and converted to Catholicism.
Historians continue to debate the various causes of this dramatic change.
Hoverflies are important pollinators of flowering plants in many ecosystems worldwide.
I hereby recognize you as the 46th president of this country.
I'm sure you're familiar with the practices of the Catholic Church.
In 2015, 🥘 an emoji for paella was proposed to Unicode.
In all the equations that describe motion and heat and entropy.
Indians resisted cultivating sugarcane themselves, preferring to tend their subsistence crops.
In introductory geometry and trigonometry courses, the notation sin-1, cos-1, etc.
In July 2004, Sami was sentenced to 24 years in jail.
In New York, Molly has her first experiences in lesbian communities.
In those days, there were no robots to replace ten workers
Is it really possible to build an artificial intelligence like that?
I think it was the U.S. invasion of Iraq after Kuwait.
It is thinner under the maria and thicker under the highlands.
It was fitted with V-54-6 engine developing 581 hp (433 kW).
Kamacite and taenite are naturally occurring alloys of iron and nickel.
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Magnetic reluctance is a scalar extensive quantity, akin to electrical resistance.
Many families in Bosnia have cherished traditions that date back generations.
Nanotechnology is now manipulating matter on an atomic and molecular scale.
Now for Japan, Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
Obviously, if they're playing basketball, gonna be some hands and shoulders.
One can analytically continue these functions to the n-dimensional complex space.
Perhaps metallurgical analysis would be a more rewarding vocation for you.
Rheum palmatum is a herbaceous perennial related to the edible rhubarb.
River dolphins, unlike most other cetaceans, can turn their head 90°.
Rural development is directly related to agricultural development and food security.
Safflower, Carthamus tinctorius, is a highly branched, herbaceous, thistle-like annual plant.
Sami invited Layla and six other family members to the wedding.
SHACL Playground is a free SHACL validation service implemented in JavaScript.
Social media has allowed for mass cultural exchange and intercultural communication.
Solar power, oxygen, and metals are abundant resources on the Moon.
Strongly polynomial time is defined in the arithmetic model of computation.
That appears on a cuneiform tablet at the Iraqi National Museum.
The 802.11n standard operates on both the 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz frequencies.
The atmosphere was made even colder by a freezing north wind.
The bison is now the national mammal of the United States.
The crime of murder in England, at least, is judged dispassionately.
The Greek word, τρίβολος meaning 'water-chestnut', translated into Latin as tribulos.
The growth and reproduction of plant communities rely on irregular rainfall.
The industrial sector is composed of mainly extracting and manufacturing industries.
The largest land mammal extant today is the African bush elephant.
The President's first act as commander in chief is Directive 17.
The rainfall records show that precipitation differs greatly within the island.
There certainly were hate groups before the Internet and social media.
The referendum was the fourth since 1920 on the country's monarchy.
The scientists used an IBM mainframe computer to make their calculations.
These relationships help in planning, design, and operations of roadway facilities.
The sharks continue to harry the shoal, pushing it ever northwards.
The song is associated with the disco and new wave genres.
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
The trial ended with the jury unable to reach a verdict.
This technology will open up a whole new avenue of research.
To wit, maybe you could make out my checks to cash?
V6 engines are popular powerplants in medium to large outboard motors.
Violins are important instruments in a wide variety of musical genres.
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Water injection is used to prevent low pressure in the reservoir.
We do not share their hatred of lesbian and gay people.
We found a reference to similar technology in Seven's Borg database.
We found none of what they filmed except kids playing soccer.
We had macaroni au gratin for supper and a custard pudding.
We interrupt this programme for breaking news from the English coast.
We interrupt your program to bring you this live, breaking news.
You were to motivate that engineer into reparing the dome mechanism.
A 3.8 L version with direct-injection is released for 2020 model year.
A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
And they returned to the construction site aboard ships loaded with stones.
And your phone number is 560-1287, and the fax number is 560-1288.
A quantity invariant under Lorentz transformations is known as a Lorentz scalar.
Before Qing Dynasty's fall, they buried a great treasure somewhere in Manchuria.
Biodiversity in agroforestry systems is typically higher than in conventional agricultural systems.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Concentrated photovoltaic trackers are used with refractive and reflective based concentrator systems.
Conventional warfare gave way to guerrilla warfare by Mexicans defending their homeland.
Euonymus americanus is a species of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae.
Finally, it's also impossible for me to win the fucking soccer game.
For a 2×2 matrix A, the characteristic polynomial is thus given by.
For more on this breaking news, let's cut to a press conference.
Furthermore, cellulases are widely used in textile industry and in laundry detergents.
He recently said he wrote poetry and recited a poem by Pushkin.
How did I know about the roast beef and the mashed potatoes?
I'd like to rent a car for two weeks from next Saturday.
If I shut down my radars, his missiles can't home on them.
I'm putting in a new water tank and having the hand-pump tested.
I'm supposed to go to Boston next week to attend a wedding.
In Asia it is an important symbolic colour of Buddhism and Hinduism.
In basic solution, hydrogen peroxide can reduce a variety of inorganic ions.
I saw her pulling the petals off a flower one by one.
It reminds me of this part of Judaism that I really like.
I've been working in news and current affairs since the mid -'80s.
I want to go to the baker to buy rolls and bread.
I want to go to the supermarket to buy fruit and vegetables.
I would also prefer to live in a flat on my own.
Kippers cooked in butter - one of the more exquisite culinary fragrances.
Loveless has been influential on a large number of genres and artists.
Mass media has become a driving force to discrimination based on gender.
Memories of the Napoleonic Wars were still quite fresh in the 1870s.
My study of Buddhism has been limited to forms of meditative exercise.
Narrowed blood vessels can lead to chest pain or a heart attack.
Nerman Fatić (born 24 October 1994) is a Bosnian professional tennis player.
No technology even remotely like this should exist in this time period.
Nowadays it is impossible to protect oneself against weapons of mass destruction.
One of the most interesting moons in our solar system is Titan.
Saad Zaghlul was popularly elected as Prime Minister of Egypt in 1924.
Social bonds between mammals begin when mothers feed their young on milk.
The area's largest private, locally based, publicly traded employer is Micron Technology.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
The defendant must not commit or attempted to commit any further crime.
The event received highly positive reviews from various websites and wrestling publications.
The farmer gambles against the weather and the market on his crops.
The firefighters could not put out the fire at the industrial plant.
The incident and its aftermath were heavily covered by the news media.
The park has 105 mammal species which includes 16 species of primates.
The result of plotting analysis will be posted to a public website.
The rotating machinery used for the rotor supply was heavy and expensive.
The squirrel climbed all the way to the top of the tree.
They cut them in little pieces and roast them on the fire.
They fell in love, and Sharif converted to Islam and married her.
They usually left London in the fall because September was harvest season.
This is an important way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
"To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show "Troy.
Together their talents promised the Soviets a leading role in space exploration.
Treat high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol and heart disease if present
Twitter is one of the most popular social media platforms in America.
Under the protection of Pompey Magnus and Julius Caesar, Senate sits tomorrow.
Under the uniform rule of International Law, criminal cases are not transient.
Water movement can also be important in accurately simulating a natural ecosystem.
Welcome to Almanac, half an hour of music, chat and current affairs.
What national hockey league team won only one game in franchise history?
You can start sorting protons and neutrons while I build carbon atoms.
Acacia caesariata is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves.
A heart cath is also called cardiac catheterization, cardiac cath or coronary angiogram.
Ajuga chamaepitys is a small herbaceous perennial that reaches 10-40 cm in height.
Also in diplomatic news: Hungary's president hopes reform process will continue in BiH
An electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG) to check the electrical activity of your heart.
An independent judiciary is one of the key pillars of a functional democracy.
Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
As tank-v-tank combat became more common, heavy tanks mounted very powerful anti-tank guns.
Basic cable offer is limited to 40-65 TV channels in the starting packages.
Before planning for the delivery, could you please tell me the payment modes?
Best in her sport, the only thing eluding her is the world record
BUT IT SEEMS THE ENGINE ON THE BRANCH LINE BROKE DOWN NEAR CARLISLE.
Cherepanov's regiment, two artillery divisions and Khokhlovís tanks are encircled but still fighting.
CNT electrical and mechanical properties suggest them as alternatives to traditional electrical actuators.
Cocoa is the chief agricultural export of Ghana and Ghana's main cash crop.
Common raccoon dogs eat beached fish and fish trapped in small water bodies.
Coriaria myrtifolia, called in English redoul, is a shrub to 2-3 m tall.
Cryptocurrency transactions are normally irreversible after a number of blocks confirm the transaction.
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Do not take the medicine metformin (Glucophage) for two days after the procedure.
During the holidays, it's common to see families gathering in the town squares.
Electrometallurgy involves metallurgical processes that take place in some form of electrolytic cell.
Everyone, without any discrimination, has the right to equal pay for equal work.
Explain to me again how gay marriage is gonna tear this country apart!
Flowering time may be any month of the year, depending on the species.
Gecko is written in C++ and JavaScript, and, since 2016, additionally in Rust.
Heat-resistant textile materials are made from metal fibers for automotive glass bending processes.
How does God use his holy spirit and angels to accomplish his will?
How Jesus can be 100% God and 100% man at the same time?
I got braised short ribs, roasted potatoes, and a nice pinot from napa.
In 1270 he attempted another crusade, though it too would end in failure.
In classical physics, energy is a scalar quantity, the canonical conjugate to time.
Insurance inspector: Can I see your driver's license, car data sheet and insurance?
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
In the 2005 Presidential elections Nursultan Nazarbayev was re-elected for a seven-year term.
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
In the name of the Father, and the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Io's volcanoes blast a ton of gas and dust into space every second.
It has three main components: agricultural statistics; rural statistics; and rural household statistics.
It will feature # movies and # students films with an educational programme
I want to move around some financial assets that I have in Mexico.
I was an Episcopal priest before I was ordained in the Catholic Church.
Moroccan agricultural production also consists of orange, tomatoes, potatoes, olives, and olive oil.
Most modern diesel engines use common rail or unit injector direct injection systems.
Music in Belarus largely comprises a rich tradition of folk and religious music.
Natural resources are timber, mineral springs, coal, construction materials, including marble and granite.
Newspaper article says that Victoria Logan died in a house fire in 1987.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
Pellionia repens is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family, Urticaceae.
Precipitation falls throughout the year but is light overall, particularly in the east.
Right now, it's full of construction materials stolen from your own construction site.
Roast pork with gratin, Florence fennel and penne with a port giblet sauce.
Robot technology advanced to the point where biological, organic parts became essential components.
Scoring A Century is an opera with music by English composer David Blake.
Sharks like this squatina are similar to angel sharks which still exist today.
She's got anti-aircraft missiles, sonar stealth technology, and an old-fashioned ice cream parlor.
The aim of Alexander's crusade, after all, had been to punish Persian wrongs.
The band has been categorized under several genres of heavy and extreme music.
The coldest temperature ever recorded in Canada was -63 °C in Snag, Yukon.
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
The electric pump's out, so we may need to do it by hand.
The Franks believed that God had chosen them to save Europe from Islam.
The hydrogen atom bonded directly to the phosphorus atom is not readily ionizable.
The most common automotive continuous injection system is Bosch's K-Jetronic, introduced in 1974.
The most common use for Portland cement is in the production of concrete.
The Napoleonic invasion of the Iberian peninsula in 1808 upended the Spanish empire.
The New Testament might have been a very different book if he had.
The Ottawa River is 1,130 kilometres long with a watershed of 140,000 km².
The pain is a signal that your heart is not getting enough oxygen.
The probe appears to be made out of some sort of corundium alloy.
There are more than 40 licensed cable TV operators in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
There is a Pile of Poo emoji 💩 represented in Unicode as U+1F4A9.
The timber rattlesnake was designated the state reptile of West Virginia in 2008.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
The US is the only country that attacked innocent civilians with nuclear weapons.
Tom sat at the dining room table, drinking chocolate milk through a straw.
Toulouse's industry interests have more recently expanded to include space exploration and electronics.
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage for many American families.
Ukraine became an active participant in scientific space exploration and remote sensing missions.
Unit vectors are often chosen to form the basis of a vector space.
Unlike other metal genres, black metal is associated with an ideology and ethos.
Until mid-to-late adolescence, boys and girls show relatively little difference in drinking motives.
Using computer analysis their various fighting styles were digitized into my ninja robots.
Venezuela acquired an undisclosed number of SA-24 Igla-S man-portable surface to air missiles.
We are not contending that the church subscribes to any particular religious sect.
Where' s my martini, and why don' t I smell a pot roast?
William: OK, what were you doing before you came to Japan in London?
Willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents is just as widely variable.
With this ring I thee wed in the name of the Holy Trinity.
1806 - Battles of Pultusk and Golymin: Russian forces hold French forces under Napoleon.
A 1995 upgrade consisting of a new body section assembly for the MIM-23E/F missiles.
Algerian Arabs vote for Islamist political parties but migrate to secular and libertarian countries.
Although its pace slowed, space exploration continued after the end of the Space Race.
And in this corner, the most powerful marine reptile, the Prognathodon, a 40-foot Mosasaur.
An earthquake in April 2015, Nepal's worst in 80 years, killed over 8,600 people.
Angina is chest pain or pressure caused by decreased blood flow to the heart.
Archery is the sport, practice, or skill of using a bow to shoot arrows.
Article XVII establishes the methods by which the Constitution may be amended or revised.
As ΛnV is one-dimensional, the map ΛnT is given by multiplying with some scalar.
BASF supplies agricultural products and chemicals including fungicides, herbicides, insecticides and seed treatment products.
Blood pressure and signs such as shortness of breath or angina are also checked.
Blood tests to check levels of fats, cholesterol, sugar and proteins in your blood.
Boliviana negra, a genetically engineered type of coca, resists glyphosate herbicides and increases yields.
Breaking news: police have mobilised extra forces after the murder near Gosseberga this morning.
Christianity was brought to Egypt by Saint Mark the Evangelist in the 1st century.
Debauch is as surely an art as poetry, and is not for craven spirits.
Documents in all forms frequently serve as material evidence in criminal and civil proceedings.
Doing well in the tournament and defeating all comers with great dispatch, I hope.
Examples of transcendental functions include the exponential function, the logarithm, and the trigonometric functions.
Family life and personal relationships do not fall within the scope of the Act.
First they recap last night's cable TV, then they plunge right into office gossip.
For most applications involving lead, varying amounts of antimony are used as alloying metal.
For the height of the triangle we have that h2 = b2 - d2.
Four main phases are present in the clinker and in the non-hydrated Portland cement.
He tried to form a new religion out of Judaism, but he lacked authority.
Holy Father, the church tends to attach a fair amount of importance to baptism.
If you can find where they spend their cash, you know where they are.
If φ is a scalar valued function and F is a vector field, then.
I heard they got barbecue pork, roast beef, fried chicken, and all free too.
Inmates cultivate, harvest and process an array of crops that make the facility self-supporting.
Israel is a multi-party parliamentary republic and a liberal democracy that adopts universal suffrage.
Lodash is a JavaScript library that helps programmers write more concise and maintainable JavaScript.
Magnetic scalar potential, ψ, is a quantity in classical electromagnetism analogous to electric potential.
Mass media has also played a role in what information the Global South receives.
Most ocean basins use the average wind speed to determine the tropical cyclone's category.
Multi-employer pensions necessitate a collective bargaining agreement between multiple employers and a labor union.
No algorithms that could solve this problem in polynomial time have been found yet.
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - This is the most common type of lung cancer.
Only a few shark attacks of uncertain provenance have been attributed to the porbeagle.
Sam, with the right frequency and amplitude, it's possible that the dome could shatter.
Serbian tennis player goes for the second round of the Australian Brisbane tennis tournament
Small additions of hafnium increase the adherence of protective oxide scales on nickel-based alloys.
So, led by three referees, the players of both national teams enter the pitch.
Surrogate motherhood became possible with advances in reproductive technologies, such as in vitro fertilization.
The 1949 earthquake damaged many historic downtown buildings beyond repair, and they were demolished.
The artefact is the first solid gold mask of a Thracian ruler ever found
The broadfin shark is found in both the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
The cement retained option provides the assurance of maximum esthetics but has two downsides.
The cuneiform script underwent considerable changes over a period of more than two millennia.
The drainage system is only operable when the room is sealed from the inside.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
The island has a tropical climate, with most rainfall occurring between November and April.
The launch commit criteria considered precipitation, temperatures, cloud cover, lightning forecast, wind, and humidity.
The next day, the verdict is declared in favour of Jeeva and the villagers.
The ore that comes out of this mine has got to be refined legally.
The progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus is not inevitable for those with prediabetes.
There are, however, disadvantages in increasing the electrical efficiency of motors through larger windings.
The species is only partially able to self-pollinate because of dichogamy in its flowering.
The wettest seasons are spring and summer, although rainfall is fairly constant year round.
They will burn crops and orchards, destroy mills and stables, break dams and canals.
This reforms the Fe(III) ion in the heme and releases a second water molecule.
Wild thyme is a creeping dwarf evergreen shrub with woody stems and a taproot.
Words that link me to this holy place and to the founder of Islam.
Would you prefer a small sports car or do you want a big car?
1500 BC, the early Shang dynasty engaged in large-scale production of bronze-ware vessels and weapons.
Adenostyles alpina is herbaceous perennial plant belonging to the genus Adenostyles of the family Asteraceae.
Adolescence can be a period of experimentation, and many youths may question their sexual feelings.
After winning the 1995 European basketball championship, the entire then-Yugoslav team displayed the three fingers.
Again, that is breaking news, and we will have more information as the night continues.
Agricultural genetic resources provide the basic material with which both traditional and modern farmers work.
All I know is, it was after the strawberries and the caramel sauce were delivered.
A mammal on our endangered species list may lose its habitat with this new construction.
A media print campaign, covering # newspapers in # countries, will continue through # March
And then we have to buy food... and have to buy clothes for our children.
And zero three means it was the third tiger shark purchased for that particular aquarium.
An oil burner is a part attached to an oil furnace, water heater, or boiler.
Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly roommate meeting.
Areas of current mechanical engineering research in nanotechnology include nanofilters, nanofilms, and nanostructures, among others.
Aside from cattle, many kinds of livestock provide milk used by humans for dairy products.
ASIO reports to several governmental and parliamentary committees dealing with security, legislative and financial matters.
A stress test to look for problems with your heart's rate, rhythm or electrical activity.
Babylonia because of the, the excavation and deciphering of huge numbers of these cuneiform texts.
But I think we could be a multi-generational political dynasty, you and I, you know?
Cases of raccoon dogs carrying rabies are known from the lower Volga, Voronezh, and Lithuania.
Clay roofing tiles as defined in EN 1304:2005 excluding blue braised roof tiles and accessories.
Consider a complex scalar field ϕ, with the constraint that ϕ*ϕ = v², a constant.
Currently, speech translation technology is available as product that instantly translates free form multilingual conversations.
For support, and latest versions of quick guide and user guide, visit our website: www.yotaphone.com.
He is the owner of four very big farms in the interior of Sao Paulo.
he thermal dehydration of the hydrates MgCl2(H2O)x (x = 6, 12) does not occur straightforwardly.
Hey, did anyone see a large panda bear with a tennis racket run in here?
I committed a crime, I got caught, and now I am gonna serve my time.
If I wasn't the best in every sport I played, he'd call me a loser.
I'll have you know, this platter was a gift to this family from Eleanor Roosevelt.
"In German ",Mädchen" actually takes a neutral article, like most nouns that end in "-chen.
In the 1960s, campaigns featuring heavy spending in different mass media channels became more prominent.
I put the tartar sauce on the side, I feared you might regret that decision.
It wouldn't kill you to play some competitive sports once in a while, would it?
Kieserite, MgSO4·H2O, can be combined with a solution of potassium chloride to produce potassium sulfate.
Madison: Ah, it's a very busy place, there's lots of thingsgoing on all the time.
Mark Mancina, composer of the film, was joining the project as an executive music producer.
Metal roofing can consist of a high percentage of recycled material and is 100% recyclable.
Moth bean is a creeping annual herbaceous plant which grows to approximately 40 cm high.
My area of expertise ranges from Ming dynasty to a Mark McGwire rookie baseball card
Nanotechnology will allow us to redesign the world by building with atoms, one by one.
Nobel Prize laureate Klaus von Klitzing will give a lecture on the future of nanotechnologies
One location that would require such siege tactics was Mount Erebus, Antarctica's most active volcano.
On Monday, meanwhile, NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen met with senior Turkish officials in Ankara
On the construction site, close to the National Sports Centre, an outdoor webcam was installed.
Other culinary uses include replacing solid fats produced through hydrogenation in baked and confectionery goods.
Pesticides and herbicides are applied to agricultural land to control pests that disrupt crop production.
Phyllanthus balgooyi is an herbaceous plant in the family Phyllanthaceae, found in Palawan and Sabah.
Plans of hydraulic machinery and maps of weather-forecasting flicker with arrows, symbols and agitated diagrams.
Reclaimed lumber is processed wood retrieved from its original application for purposes of subsequent use.
Scientists from Israel have also been invited to perform a detailed analysis of the artefact
Small Cell Lung Cancer - This type of lung cancer grows and spreads more quickly.
So the combustion engine is nothing more than a device that creates a controlled explosion.
The alloy Al20Li20Mg10Sc20Ti30 is as strong as titanium, light as aluminium, and hard as ceramic.
The antimatter is suspended there in an airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets in each end.
The building was unfinished; the sky could be seen through the joists of the roofing.
The catheter is put into a large blood vessel and threads it into your heart.
The electron configuration for Pm3+ is 4f4, and the color of the ion is pink.
The following is a rudimentary example of React usage in HTML with JSX and JavaScript.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The M-71 is a 155 mm caliber towed howitzer manufactured by Israeli company Soltam Systems.
The ocean absorbs about 30 percent of the CO₂ that is released in the atmosphere.
There is no idea in Tibetan Buddhism of a thought form or thought as form.
The tournament was won by Barry Pinches, who defeated Ken Doherty 4-0 in the final.
Troops of the German 17th Infantry Division attacked the Longwy position beginning 11 May 1940.
Utopian and dystopian fiction are genres of speculative fiction that explore social and political structures.
We are his witnesses, and the holy spirit is with us and makes us strong.
Well, according to the Gospels... the two Marys never finished preparing Christ's body for burial.
What do I care about Peer Peters or any other reporter from the gutter press?
What if it upsets the space-time continuum and sends the Earth hurtling towards the sun?
When in use as livestock, the domestic pig is mostly farmed for its meat, pork.
Why is the satisfying of physical and emotional needs not sufficient for a happy marriage?
Your doctor may order some tests such as a chest x-ray, EKG and blood tests.
(3-1) With four goals, Jorge Peredo and Eugenio Morel are the top scorer in the tournament.
About 86% of molybdenum produced is used in metallurgy, with the rest used in chemical applications.
A mangrove is a shrub or small tree that grows in coastal saline or brackish water.
And I know Jesse didn't get you that furniture and obviously you cannot afford the car.
And someone would have to have the mathematical and the technical aptitude to run the algorithm.
An injection, the basic unit of dependency injection, is not a new or a custom mechanism.
An irrigation scheme often draws water from the river and distributes it over the irrigated area.
As a result, the strategy in poker tournaments can be very different from a cash game.
As well as infantry and artillery units, mounted units were formed in Brisbane during the 1880s.
Battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall talks with Brigadier General Quintard about the invasion and its importance.
Both glassy and ceramic electrolytes can be made more ionically conductive by substituting sulfur for oxygen.
Both the Latin word cedrus and the generic name cedrus are derived from Greek κέδρος kédros.
Cambodia was a monarchy, but the French colonial regime, not the king, was in political control.
Captive raccoon dogs in Soviet state animal farms were recorded to carry paratyphoid, anthrax, and tuberculosis.
Cognitive deficits resulting from stroke include perceptual disorders, aphasia, dementia, and problems with attention and memory.
CPEC includes provisions for cooperation in management of water resources, livestock, and other fields of agriculture.
Croatia's priorities for # include furthering its Euro-Atlantic accession bids, fighting inflation and maintaining economic growth
During the assault, six German soldiers in a trench near York charged him with fixed bayonets.
During the last phase of the monarchy, internal political debate centered on the issue of slavery.
Each of these tensor equations corresponds to four scalar equations, one for each value of β.
Earlier in the development of the genre, school stories avoided dealing with adolescence or puberty directly.
Eigendecomposition of the rotation matrix yields the eigenvalues 1 and cos θ ± i sin θ.
Eight days before the presidential election of 1864, Nevada became the 36th state in the union.
Fired clay was mainly restricted to roofing tiles and associated decorations, but these were quite elaborate.
Future units of the Modge class are set to be equipped with the Sayyad-2 anti-aircraft missiles.
Good materials to build insect hotels with can include using dry stone walls or old tiles.
Harris Comics also published a number of non-Vampirella comics in the superhero and science fiction genres.
He later became the youngest producer for Televisa, the largest mass media company in Latin America.
Human sacrifice is totally anathema to christianity and it's totally anathema to God as a creator.
I dug up a witness, says she saw three guys driving off from the crime scene.
If so, has the evidence existed all along, on the cuneiform tablets of the ancient Sumerians?
In 1947, Pakistan had inherited four cement plants with a total capacity of 0.5 million tons.
In 2015, Money Magazine recognized BBVA USA for the best mobile banking app of the year.
In Glasgow, perhaps the least healthy food ever sold, is the deep fried pork sausage kebab.
In industry, chloroform is produced by heating a mixture of chlorine and either chloromethane or methane.
In response to the rioting in the streets, some citizens have begun stockpiling guns and ammunition.
Interior wall coverings in light-frame construction typically include wallboard, lath and plaster or decorative wood paneling.
It envisions a massive, mega-yacht marina in the former Arsenal shipyard which occupies around # hectares
It is a mixture of Catholicism and animism that has become popular among the Guaymí people.
It warned that Israel was massing troops on the Israel-Syria border in preparation for an invasion.
JavaScript has a const declaration that defines a block-scoped variable that cannot be reassigned nor redeclared.
List of proposed space observatories: examples of past and present space observatory plans, concepts, and proposals.
Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses.
Maybe the poetry book was ill-advised, but I'm not an idiot- I never crossed the line.
Molybdenum increases lattice strain, thus increasing the energy required to dissolve iron atoms from the surface.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
Most historians look at the end of the Renaissance as the start of the Price Revolution.
Mughlai cuisine consists of dishes developed in the medieval Indo-Persian cultural centres of the Mughal Empire.
n some countries, such as India, the newspaper remains more popular than Internet and broadcast media.
Outside the factory, robots have been employed in bomb disposal, space exploration, and many other fields.
People in adolescence who experience repeated withdrawals from binge drinking show impairments of long-term nonverbal memory.
Poor connections would stop the car, and require extensive investigation by a trained mechanic to repair.
Rhythmic gymnastics is another sport that could bring medals to Bulgaria, particularly in the team event
Rubber cement is favoured in handicrafts applications, where easy and damage-free removal of adhesive is desired.
Saint Joseph is, according to the New Testament, the husband of Mary and stepfather of Jesus.
San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities.
Searches at security checkpoints have also become far more intrusive in the post-September 11, 2001 era.
Siblings may influence one another in much the same way that peers do, especially during adolescence.
Some magazines entertain their readers with fiction, poetry, photography or articles about TV, or movie stars.
Some roofing materials, particularly those of natural fibrous material, such as thatch, have excellent insulating properties.
Sorrell married Reeves in January 2003, and the couple have twin girls, born in May 2006.
Stoyan Dimitrov and Nikolay Hamanov filed complaints at the ECHR over protracted criminal proceedings against them
The appeal trial concluded on 15 October 2010, and the verdict was announced on 26 November.
The construction work will begin,... and all the unemployed men in the colony will get work.
The curl of the gradient of any scalar field φ is always the zero vector field.
The enormous waves of December 9th were created by intense tropical cyclone activity in the Pacific.
The film has a mix of genres in which drama, comedy and horror are the highlights.
The game of roller derby is governed by a team of up to seven skating referees.
The main economic activities are agriculture and livestock raising, with production of coffee and dairy products.
The money my father pretended to pay in ransom was actually used to inflate investor returns.
The 'not proven' verdict in modern Scots criminal law can be described as an historical accident.
The pump could then create intense hydraulic pressure that would cause the entire pyramid to vibrate.
The Qing dynasty that came after the Ming dynasty often continued the Ming dynasty's isolationist policies.
There are different painting techniques; I particularly prefer oil paintings from Velázquez to those from Goya.
The red deer, one of five native deer species, is the biggest non-marine mammal in Wales.
The rejection of a personal creator God is also seen in Jainism and Buddhism in India.
The Sumerians also invented the first known writing system by using cuneiform script on clay tablets.
Thus, the main type of activity of a metallurgical combine was the rolling of ferrous metals.
To present the argument that the Qur'an is influenced by Judaism and Christianity is quite absurd.
Unlike its many coalition partners, Britain remained at war throughout the period of the Napoleonic Wars.
Various EDM genres have evolved over the last 40 years, for example; house, techno, dance-pop etc.
Will the lack of widespread state recognition preclude it from being considered as a NATO candidate?
You ran off yelling about some account, and you came back with a bag of cash.
A batch type furnace has relatively low initial equipment costs, and can heat each part load separately.
A cardiac magnetic resonance imaging test (MRI) to take pictures of how well your heart is working.
Additionally, the Bible urges Christians who have fallen into serious sin to speak with the congregation elders.
Analyzed the set of menus since his arrival abandon everything and need for sauce, cheese and sweet.
Assault guns are large-caliber artillery pieces, meant to support infantry by direct fire with high explosive ammunition.
At intervals along the walls the tiles gave way to large mosaics-simple angular patterns in bright colours.
At its peak, the Network18 Group has included media and internet-based media outlets such as in.com, IBNlive.
A trap crop is a crop of a plant that attracts pests, diverting them from nearby crops.
Beneath a fresh coat of cream enamel the corridor's walls displayed the faint irregularities of old-fashioned plaster.
Buckling is also a failure mode in pavement materials, primarily with concrete, since asphalt is more flexible.
Chess pie is a dessert characteristic of Southern United States cuisine, particularly in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Danson has been on a vegan diet multiple times, but he currently adheres to a pescetarian diet.
Dell advertisements have appeared in several types of media including television, the Internet, magazines, catalogs, and newspapers.
Farmers were out to defend their cattle-sheds, granaries, and ripening root crops with arms in their hands.
For agricultural production, farms use light oil for tractors and other machinery and also for grain drying.
Gourds include the fruits of some flowering plant species in the family Cucurbitaceae, particularly Cucurbita and Lagenaria.
He applied too much sunscreen, causing him to lose his wedding ring while snorkeling on their honeymoon.
He had a long sausage, a jar of something and two bottles of wine under his arm.
Historians agree that the Klan's resurgence in the 1920s was aided by the national debate over Prohibition.
I'd like to recharge my batteries, and shut down the engines and get myself back to neutral.
In areas where clay is plentiful, roofs of baked tiles have been the major form of roofing.
India is home to 12% of world's recorded flora, some 47000 species of flowering and non-flowering plants.
In the IMF's view, maintaining economic growth and low inflation are the country's two largest macroeconomic challenges
It is a perennial, herbaceous liana growing to a height of 5-30 m tall with twining stems.
Judge: For that you need to submit a written request to me and to the opponent's lawyer.
Let ƒ(z) be an entire function of exponential type less than (N + 1)π, as defined below.
Making the Move to Crossdocking, Maida Napolitano and the staff of Gross & Associates, 2000 copyright, www.werc.
Monetarists state that the banking and monetary reforms were a necessary and sufficient response to the crises.
Most sharks are cold-blooded, but the great white shark, like our friend in there, is partially warm-blooded.
Music lovers consumed around a million litres of beer and # kg of roast lamb and pork
Nano came in third in the third round, and was therefore eliminated from running in Friday's election
Ooh, a Valrhona chocolate soufflé with a raspberry brandy sauce topped with caramelized bananas and hazelnut gelato.
Pili is a tropical tree preferring deep, fertile, well drained soil, warm temperatures, and well distributed rainfall.
Publications such as newspapers, police reports, and so on may print b__y instead of the full profanity.
Raising livestock and poultry, for meat, dairy and eggs, is another traditional farming activity that complements growing.
Ribbentrop, the Foreign Minister, has tried to dissuade Hitler, but Hitler declares war on the United States.
Rubén Cedeño, composer of folk and children's music of Venezuela, he appears in the Venezuelan music encyclopedia.
Similar variations are found in North Indian cuisine are moong daal ka cheela or besan ka cheela.
Six inches of brick and mortar and a crumbling plaster finish saved him from space and gravity.
Some believe a massive earthquake in prehistoric times may have scattered its megaton stones like toy blocks.
Some desert plants produce seed which lies dormant in the soil until sparked into growth by rainfall.
Sorel Cement is a hard, durable cement made by combining magnesium oxide and a magnesium chloride solution.
Space technology will remain dependant on national governments unless we find a way to make space profitable.
Such a splitting field is an extension of Fp in which the polynomial f has q zeros.
That means, worst case, you're walkin'out of there with at least 150 bucks cash and my car.
The 1973 Constitution, promulgated after Marcos' declaration of martial law, was supposed to introduce a parliamentary-style government.
The 2015 World Archery Championships were scheduled for later in July, to not conflict with the games.
The bellmen and the newspapers tell me there's a new source of prime grade powder in town.
The construction of new crossings was announced in # but the process stalled due to administrative obstacles
The expansion of sanctions into the banking sector will create difficulties with financial transactions and credit-card payments.
The females of all mammal species can by definition produce milk, but cow's milk dominates commercial production.
The French Revolution and the subsequent Napoleonic wars put an end to trade for nearly two decades.
The geometric designs and heavy lines seem to be adapted from the area's textile and weaving patterns.
The herbicides used were sprayed at up to 50 times the concentration than for normal agricultural use.
The lady will have the linguine in a white clam sauce, and a coke with no ice.
The leftover fiber from coconut oil and coconut milk production, coconut meal, is used as livestock feed.
The main difference between a vegan and vegetarian diet is that vegans exclude dairy products and eggs.
The metal hyper-alloy that he was working with exhibited a tensile strength far beyond our existing technology.
The natural greenhouse effect is the absorption of infrared radiation by our atmosphere, which warms our planet.
The new kingdom was an ally of France in all the Napoleonic wars of the years 1807-13.
The notion of paganism, as it is generally understood today, was created by the early Christian Church.
The palace was erected as a conventional brick construction and later encased in various types of rock.
The plant may start commercial operation in # with an annual production capacity of # million tonnes
The predatory behaviour of the cheetah is highly specialised and is regarded as the fastest land mammal.
The religion of Shugendo evolves from Buddhism, Taoism, Shinto and other influences in the mountains of Japan.
The Renaissance in Italy, the invention of moveable type and the Reformation changed the character of building.
The synthesis involves the condensation of acetone with phenol: (CH3)2CO + 2 C6H5OH → (CH3)2C(C6H4OH)2 + H2O
The use of herbicides in the Vietnam War was controversial from the beginning, particularly for crop destruction.
To illustrate: A good military commander sends his best soldier on a dangerous mission into enemy territory.
Until his return to Hungary, king Andrew remained the leader of Christian forces in the Fifth Crusade.
Veganz strives to facilitate a plant-based, environmentally conscious lifestyle for everyone by making vegan products more accessible.
When harvest occurs in season 2, there is a glut of crop x, leading to low prices.
When the blood flow to the brain is blocked causing permanent damage, it is called a stroke.
While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use should be avoided by foreigners.
William: So are they always trying to get you to go back and move back to Newcastle?
With C1, use the parametric equations: x = x, y = g1(x), a ≤ x ≤ b.
With their roots protected below ground in the soil layer, perennial plants are notably tolerant of wildfire.
Wool is the textile fiber obtained from animals such sheep, camels, camelids, goats, or other hairy mammals.
You may be started on medicine or have other procedures to improve blood flow to your heart.
You're forever pestering me about change and you're afraid to eat a little bowl of spaghetti circles.
Your leg or arm needs to be kept straight for 2 to 6 hours to prevent bleeding.
A broker-dealer is a broker that transacts for its own account, in addition to facilitating transactions for clients.
Additionally, many banks do not offer services for cryptocurrencies and can refuse to offer services to virtual-currency companies.
A fresh noodle soup follows and then roasted pork, turkey or goose, served with traditional strukli or potatoes
Albania, which also received a formal invitation at last year's NATO summit, has progressed a bit more slowly
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law.
A lot depends on the length and amount of the deposit you want to place at our bank.
Baszler was a key spokesperson in the movement to create a South Dakota athletic commission for combat sports.
Because silicon is an important element in high-technology semiconductor devices, many places in the world bear its name.
Bison are America's largest surviving species of Ice Age mammal and here, they're protected in their favourite environment.
Changes in livestock production practices influence the environmental impact of meat production, as illustrated by some beef data.
Chinese martial artists also compete in non-Chinese or mixed combat sports, including boxing, kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts.
Competitive video gamers and referees stress the game's high level of difficulty compared to other classic arcade games.
Cow sharks are a shark family, the Hexanchidae, characterized by an additional pair or pairs of gill slits.
Depending on cable provider and subscription type, cable TV offer usually includes most of the local terrestrial channels.
Dolphins have torpedo-shaped bodies with generally non-flexible necks, limbs modified into flippers, a tail fin, and bulbous heads.
Eleanor Roosevelt said she wished that Kennedy had had a little less profile and a little more courage.
Electric motors convert electrical energy into mechanical motion, usually through the interaction of magnetic fields and current-carrying conductors.
Faithfull began her singing career in 1964, landing her first gigs as a folk music performer in coffeehouses.
For example, the Climax mine, located near Leadville, Colorado, was the largest producer of molybdenum in the world.
Heavy rainfall required terraces and stone chips to drain rain water and prevent mudslides, landslides, erosion, and flooding.
If X is infinite-dimensional, this proof will fail as there is no guarantee that the supremum M exists.
In Antigua, rice pudding is a local delicacy and it is prepared the same way as blood sausage.
Incomplete or incorrect email: When signing in, make sure you enter your entire email address, such as username@example.com.
In co-operation with the UEFA Refereeing Unit, the UEFA Referee Committee is responsible for appointing referees to matches.
In Greece, the pastry is called μιλφέιγ, which is the transcription of the word mille-feuille using Greek letters.
In operation, new green bricks, along with roofing bricks, are stacked at one end of the brick pile.
In the Hebrew Bible, the almond was a symbol of watchfulness and promise due to its early flowering.
Lake Krušćica is an artificial lake and reservoir created in 1966 to help control flooding of the Lika.
Millions of images from a variety of furry friends get posted and shared on social media every day.
My client was harassed for the dowry by her in-laws since the very next day of her marriage.
Névé can also refer to the alpine region in which snowfall accumulates, becomes névé, and feeds a glacier.
Pain or pressure, or a feeling of tightness or heaviness in the chest, arms, jaw, shoulders or neck
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
Prices of lumber, brick and stone soared and Scarlett kept the mill running from dawn until lantern light.
Publication ethics is the set of principles that guide the writing and publishing process for all professional publications.
Serbia's exports to Turkey have mostly increased in metallurgy, textile, food, automotive and agriculture sectors. [ Reuters ]
Simon, if you're all set on chucking poetry, don't waste your time trying to be a stand-up comic.
Spain is a secular parliamentary democracy and a parliamentary monarchy, with King Felipe VI as head of state.
Steel beverage cans are recycled by being melted down in an electric arc furnace or basic oxygen furnace.
Such reform must include a reconsideration of the US dollar's outsize role in shaping the international monetary system.
Tantalum is also used to produce a variety of alloys that have high melting points, strength, and ductility.
That should give me time to look over the material before I call Ms. Strong, say, around 5:00.
The actual superconducting material is often written as YBa2Cu3O7-d, where d must be less than 0.7 for superconductivity.
The areas that are not arid and receive high precipitation experience periodic flooding from rapid snowmelt and runoff.
The Battalion also qualified for the Golden Anchor Award for retention excellence in FY 01 and FY 03.
The blood flow slows and fluid can build up in your lungs or other parts of your body.
The Bosnia and Herzegovina women's national basketball team represents the Bosnia and Herzegovina in international women's basketball competitions.
The combinations cal/°C/kg = 4.184 J/K/kg and kcal/°C/g = 4184,000 J/K/kg do not seem to be widely used.
The discovery was announced two years later in a January 1915 newspaper article in The New York Times.
The first experiment allowed detection of three atoms of 283Cn but also seemingly detected 1 atom of 287Fl.
The first Russian czar of the Romanov dynasty was Mikhail Fyodorovich, who came to the throne in 1613.
The high melting point, hardness and corrosion resistance of iridium and its alloys determine most of its applications.
The majority of textile factory workers during the Industrial Revolution were unmarried women and children, including many orphans.
The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a Greenlander, in Greenland.
The next revival in shanties occurred as part of the Anglophone folk music revival of the mid-20th century.
The similar white pudding is a further important feature of the traditional Northumbrian, Scottish, Irish and Newfoundland breakfast.
The sitter has been identified with reasonable certainty as Cecilia Gallerani, the mistress of Leonardo's employer, Ludovico Sforza.
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
To arrive at an impartial judgment, I need to hear facts of the case from both the parties.
Today, due to its costs, CBM is not used for less important parts of machinery despite obvious advantages.
Virgin Media is a British telecommunications company which provides telephone, television and internet services in the United Kingdom.
Well, I used my personal fortune to create an advanced exo-skeleton, which is powered by dwarf star alloy.
We're talking about the ultimate Holy Grail of nanotechnology, the ability to create something out of almost nothing.
While crops that are more vigorous can better compete with weeds which reduces the need for applying herbicides.
1530 BC: End of the First Dynasty of Babylon and the start of the Kassite Dynasty-see History of Iraq.
A carpet is a textile floor covering typically consisting of an upper layer of pile attached to a backing.
Aerial devices were once exclusively operated by hydraulic pistons, powered by diesel or gasoline motors on the base unit.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
A Liana with stem 5-10 cm in diameter and typically spreading to 15-18 m, rarely up to 20-25 meters.
All crystal rock contains some iron or iron compounds, rendering it ferromagnetic, as do Roman roof tiles and plaster.
Although the efficiency of blast furnaces is constantly evolving, the chemical process inside the blast furnace remains the same.
An air pollutant is a material in the air that can have adverse effects on humans and the ecosystem.
And I definitely know the difference between a clunker welding a pipe and another one welding his fucking leg.
And in Buddhism, the emphasis is on harmony, not conflict, not domination, but living in harmony with the world.
Around 90% of German households have cable or satellite TV, with a variety of free-to-view public and commercial channels.
As a light reconnaissance tank, the Ru 251 is not used for intense combat, due to its light armor.
As the weeks went on, Vietminh artillery caused more and more casualties amongst the French at Dien Bien Phu.
At present, all irrigated agricultural operations in the State are required to participate in the Irrigated Lands Regulatory Program.
At the end of World War Two, Russia and America raced to capture the secrets of Germany's rocket technology.
Banana pudding is prepared with vanilla flavored custard, cookies and sliced fresh bananas, topped with whipped cream or meringue.
Brasseur & Eisler regained their Canadian title and went into the 1991 World Figure Skating Championships as the favorite.
Brushless versions of these type alternators are also common in larger machinery such as highway trucks and earthmoving machinery.
Caller: Yes, but our fax is being repaired at the moment, and it won't be working until around 2:30.
Carbon concentration in cement spans from ≈5% in cement structures to ≈8% in the case of roads in cement.
Cattle, sheep, pigs and poultry are all commercially farmed; Manx lamb from the hill farms is a popular dish.
Concrete bricks are available in many colours and as an engineering brick made with sulfate-resisting Portland cement or equivalent.
Daniels began kickboxing at the age of seventeen under the tutelage of former British Army boxing champion Mickey Byrne.
Did you see that TV Guide had this on their list of the worst fifty shows of all time?
During the medieval period, most of the land was used for growing crops and raising livestock such as cattle.
During the Napoleonic Wars he was taken seriously by the British press as a dangerous tyrant, poised to invade.
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
Electric arc furnace steelmaking is the manufacture of steel from scrap or direct reduced iron melted by electric arcs.
Eucalyptus/ˌjuːkəˈlɪptəs/is a genus of over seven hundred species of flowering trees, shrubs or mallees in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.
Fuhrman asserts that the police and the prosecution made other errors that reduced the chances of a guilty verdict.
GPS trackers are raising new questions about privacy and a legal system that has not kept pace with technology.
Have swelling in your legs, feet, hands or abdomen or feel that your shoes, waistband or rings are tighter
He argues that democracy, national sovereignty, and global economic integration are mutually incompatible; at least one must be sacrificed.
Historians sometimes consider this social factor to be extremely important, along with the nature of the national economies involved.
Human to human transmission is exceptionally rare, occurring via blood transfusion, organ and tissue transplantation, sexual contact, and breastfeeding.
In calculus, the Weierstrass substitution is used to find antiderivatives of rational functions of sin φ and cos φ.
In children and adolescents, psychologists speak of temperamental negative affectivity that, during adolescence, develops into the neuroticism personality domain.
In early 1915, a group of about 100 tennis players signed a petition in favor of moving the tournament.
I noticed that they were erecting cannons up here also hauling up quite a lot of ammunition for it.
It focuses on a few major indicators: the fiscal balance, public debt, current account balance, and the exchange rate.
Judge: After receiving the approval from the plaintiff's lawyer I will be decide upon the next date of hearing.
Lung cancer cells may travel through the blood or lymph system to another area or organ in the body.
Many people go in for sports, they jogging, walking, swimming, skating, skiing, train themselves in clubs and different sections.
Metal whiskering is a crystalline metallurgical phenomenon involving the spontaneous growth of tiny, filiform hairs from a metallic surface.
methyl group is an alkyl derived from methane, containing one carbon atom bonded to three hydrogen atoms - CH3.
Milk is used to make yogurt, cheese, ice milk, pudding, hot chocolate and french toast, among many other products.
Molybdenum is mined as a principal ore and is also recovered as a byproduct of copper and tungsten mining.
Montana is home to diverse fauna including 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile, and 427 bird species.
Most herbicides may kill the plant's leaves, but most have no effect on the root system and the tubers.
Most historians agree Galileo did not act out of malice and felt blindsided by the reaction to his book.
On December 19 the Confederate infantry and artillery crossed the Duck River at Columbia, destroying the bridges behind them.
On Facebook and Instagram, users participated by posting a single photo of a black square alongside the hashtag #blackouttuesday.
Phased array antennas can be built to conform to specific shapes, like missiles, infantry support vehicles, ships, and aircraft.
Pineapples grow as a small shrub; the individual flowers of the unpollinated plant fuse to form a multiple fruit.
Potentilla indica known commonly as mock strawberry, Indian-strawberry, or false strawberry, is a flowering plant in the family Rosaceae.
Rap, hip hop and traditional music, alongside other genres, played a big role in encouraging dissent against Gaddafi's government.
Shriver became involved with Dorothy Hamill's special skating program in the Special Olympics after Hamill's Olympic Games ice-skating win.
Since not all NBFIs are heavily regulated, the shadow banking system constituted by these institutions could wreak potential instability.
Tephra is also often used as a dating tool in archaeology, since the dates of some eruptions are well-established.
Textile technology, programmable materials, nanotechnology, biotechnology, those technologies, along with automation can create sustainability and would also replace labour.
The average depth of the Arctic Ocean is 12,000 feet and it is 17,850 feet at its deepest point.
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The curling, ice hockey and skating events will take place in Vancouver, site of the opening and closing ceremonies
The English composer, Benjamin Britten, was commissioned to write a piece to mark the centenary of the Red Cross.
The European norm EN 197-1 defines five classes of common cement that comprise Portland cement as a main constituent.
The genus comprises herbaceous perennial plants, rarely subshrubs, with spiny leaves and flower spikes bearing white or purplish flowers.
The halides are Lewis acids; for example, ScF3 dissolves in a solution containing excess fluoride ion to form 3-.
The hatchback model was introduced at 2013 exclusively with a 1.6 D4FB common rail direct injection turbodiesel with VGT.
The Japanese expression of 'sensei' shares the same characters as the Chinese word 先生, pronounced xiānshēng in Standard Chinese.
The large killer birds are no longer much in evidence, replaced on most continents by fearsome new mammal predators
The New York Times took the opportunity to sarcastically redefine the agency's acronym: NASA - Not Always Scientifically Accurate.
Then walk along the beach promenade for about 5 minutes and you will see the monument on your left.
The oxygen in Earth's atmosphere comes from living things, but oxygen can also be produced by inorganic chemical reactions.
The peony or paeony is a flowering plant in the genus Paeonia, the only genus in the family Paeoniaceae.
The Puli is a small-medium breed of Hungarian herding and livestock guarding dog known for its long, corded coat.
The resulting syncretism known as Greco-Buddhism heavily influenced the development of Buddhism and created a culture of Greco-Buddhist art.
The rise of mass media communications allowed manufacturers of branded goods to bypass retailers by advertising directly to consumers.
The trophies went to Nadal and Henin, but for a time this year's French Open looked like Serbia's tournament
The World Health Organization says cigarettes are the number one risk factor for cardiovascular disease, cancers and respiratory diseases.
This land we're looking at was Van Garrett land, given to my father when I was in swaddling clothes.
This structure is completely independent from the concrete stand construction and it is fundamental to the retractable stadium's roof.
This was the first time in the recent past when farmers received vegetable seeds in large quantity from donors.
To maximise their firepower, musketeer infantry were trained to fight in wide lines facing the enemy, creating line infantry.
Various American, European, Asian TV channels, and movies are available to a majority of the population via Cable TV.
We are still a leader in space exploration, but frankly I have been pushing NASA to revamp its vision.
When I was a graduate student, it was one of the most exciting times to be working in nanotechnology.
With a stored-value card, a monetary value is stored on the card, and not in an externally recorded account.
Your doctor may also want you to eat a low fat diet and exercise to improve your heart health.
Your robot just broke into a company downtown, killed a bunch of people, and stole some ZNA processing cores.
ABB's Motion business provides a range of electrical motors, generators, drives and services, as well as integrated digital powertrain solutions.
After graduating from OSU with a degree in sociology, Cormier went on to have a successful career in Freestyle Wrestling.
After the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars from 1803-1815, feudalism fell away and liberalism and nationalism clashed with reaction.
Agricultural lands now account for only thirteen hectares of the total land area due to residential, commercial and industrial conversions.
Agroforestry is a land use management system in which trees or shrubs are grown around or among crops or pastureland.
A lack of a common position and unsound proposals have weakened the role of civil society in Kosovo's election reform
As for the presidential race, former Interior Minister Ljube Boskovski was the first to throw his hat into the ring
By laminating a number of smaller pieces of lumber, a single large, strong, structural member is manufactured from smaller pieces.
"ccording to the ECHR", those statistics indicated that there was a systemic problem concerning criminal and civil proceedings in Bulgaria.
Cottage pudding is a traditional American dessert consisting of a plain, dense cake served with a sweet glaze or custard.
Dorff was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Nancy and Steve Dorff, who is a composer and music producer.
Fairbanks suffered from several floods in its first seven decades, whether from ice jams during spring breakup or heavy rainfall.
Fitbit released several wearable fitness trackers and the Fitbit Surge, a full smartwatch that is compatible with Android and iOS.
For example over 16% of the Capital Budget and 18% of the Recurrent Budget in 2006 was spent on Education.
Growler is as fast and maneuverable as a F/A-18F, and can carry AMRAAM air to air missiles for defensive use.
Her mother, Venera, was a cross-country athlete, a basketball player and a gymnast, and father Josko was a decathlon athlete
Hindko and Pashto folk music are popular in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and have a rich tradition going back hundreds of years.
Historians often refer to the period from the Qin dynasty to the end of the Qing dynasty as Imperial China.
In addition, a ritual bath in pure water is performed for the dead in many religions including Judaism and Islam.
In non-flowering seed plants, pollen germinates in the pollen chamber, located beneath the micropyle, underneath the integuments of the ovule.
In parliamentary systems, Cabinet Ministers are accountable to Parliament, but it is the prime minister who appoints and dismisses them.
In the early years, the cotton textile industry was concentrated in the cotton growing belt of Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat.
IS THERE ANY WAY THAT I CAN DEFER TUITION UNTIL I CAN FIGURE OUT SOME WAY TO GET A LOAN?
Italian home-appliance maker Indesit will invest about # m euros in increasing the production capacity of its plant in Turkey
It is commonly used as a photographic filter, and because of its resilience it is useful as a metallurgical additive.
I wanted to see if my furniture would work when I moved in with you, so I brought fabric snatches.
Javascript is becoming increasingly popular on websites, from loading dynamic data via AJAX to adding special effects to your page.
Ketchup started out as a general term for sauce typically made of mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices.
Later conceptions of Buddhism consider Buddha himself a god, suggest adherents can attain godhood, and revere Bodhisattvas and Eternal Buddha.
Livestock guardian dogs stay with the group of animals they protect as a full-time member of the flock or herd.
Macleaya cordata, the five-seeded plume-poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae, which is used ornamentally.
Many of their writers have gone on to wield great influence on Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's news parody shows.
Maximal drawdown (%) - maximal loss of the local maximum in the deposit currency and in percents of the deposit
No time for newspaper article and rumors, we have to go directly to the Raffertyja and terrified him to death.
POTS treatment involves using multiple methods in combination to counteract cardiovascular dysfunction, address symptoms, and simultaneously address any associated disorders.
Pudding corn is prepared from stewed corn, water, any of various thickening agents, and optional additional flavoring or texturing ingredients.
School officials released a statement claiming that an investigation... into those responsible for the party... and subsequent riot is underway.
Some of this coordination and information exchange occurs informally, when officers, agents or officials have personal relationships based on trust.
The 17th century churchman and scholar John Lightfoot mentions this set of seas in his Commentary on the New Testament.
The binomial theorem can be stated by saying that the polynomial sequence {1, x, x2, x3,...} is of binomial type.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
The ceiling is composed of plaster that is painted to emulate gilded wood, with moldings of classical and figurative details.
The dissociation enthalpy of the dimer is estimated at 65.0-66.0 kJ/mol, and the dissociation entropy at 154-157 J mol-1 K-1.
The English-language journal Past & Present, published by Oxford University Press, was a direct successor to the Annales, suggests Loyn.
The farmers want their damaged irrigation canals repaired today; their harvest cannot be delayed until a final agreement is reached.
The four compounds referred as C3S, C2S, C3A and C4AF are known as the main crystalline phases of Portland cement.
There's also lots of things I don't like about London, but all my friends live there, lots of job opportunities.
There the oxygen in H2O2 binds to an Fe(III) ion in the heme cofactor to form an iron peroxide complex.
These concerns have led to a debate among advocacy groups and governments on whether special regulation of nanotechnology is warranted.
They want NATO membership much more then Republika Srpska officials do, and they will be keener to soften their position
Through the vote, Moldovans will have their say on the ruling coalition's proposal to amend the constitution regarding presidential elections
Twins are common in many mammal species, including cats, sheep, ferrets, giant pandas, dolphins, dogs, deer, marmosets, tamarins, and elephants.
Under the measures endorsed Sunday, the presidential vote must be held at least sixty days before the incumbent's term ends
2011 also saw the company offered crowdfunding shares totalling £2 million, the equivalent of 8% of the capital of the company.
Add in some fiscal baby steps and more money coming into equities and the secular bull rally is entering its infancy.
Adobe AIR can run a subset of JavaScript, with no ability to dynamically execute code when running in the application sandbox.
After Napoleon's fiasco in Russia in 1812, including the deaths of many Germans in his invasion army, Prussia joined with Russia.
All are entitled to equal protection against any discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to such discrimination.
A metal roof is a roofing system made from metal pieces or tiles characterized by its high resistance, impermeability and longevity.
"Among his most important achievements were his reforms of the education system in France with the establishment of the "grandes écoles.
Apart from winning the right to represent Hungary at the Eurovision Song Contest, several other awards were distributed during the competition.
As greenhouse gas concentrations continue to rise, infrared radiative cooling by the surface and the atmosphere to space becomes less effective.
As one of the few high-profile Australians in Hollywood during the 1930s, Farrow's activities were well covered by the Australian media.
At sea level, the weight of Earth's atmosphere exerts a force of 14.7 pounds on every square inch of our bodies.
Buddleja salviifolia is a large, semi-evergreen shrub, multi-stemmed, with untidy, drooping branches, typically reaching a height of 4 - 8 m.
Cloning newspapers for political manipulation damages the image of independent press in Moldova, Sorina Stefarta, the Timpul deputy editor-in-chief told SETimes
Computation of the AQI requires an air pollutant concentration over a specified averaging period, obtained from an air monitor or model.
Concrete bricks are available in many colours and as an engineering brick made with sulfate - resisting Portland cement or equivalent.
Crvenkovski warns of declining production in key sectors such as the metallurgical sector, a decrease in exports, and record trade deficits
Cuneiform evidence from Babylon proves that Cyrus died around December 530 BC, and that his son Cambyses II had become king.
Cyanobacteria inhabit nearly all illuminated environments on Earth and play key roles in the carbon and nitrogen cycle of the biosphere.
Cyclanthera pedata, known as caigua, is a herbaceous vine grown for its edible fruit, which is predominantly used as a vegetable.
Dermatophytosis may also be present in the holotype of the Cretaceous eutriconodont mammal Spinolestes, suggesting a Mesozoic origin for this disease.
Diclofenac consumption has been associated with significantly increased vascular and coronary risk in a study including coxib, diclofenac, ibuprofen and naproxen.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, which prompted the cancellation of many physical tournaments, Carlsen organized the Magnus Carlsen Invitational along with Chess24.
During the early Renaissance, the Greek language and, along with it, Plato's texts were reintroduced to Western Europe by Byzantine scholars.
During the French occupation of Düsseldorf in 1813, during the Napoleonic Wars, a local tailor becomes a thorn in their side.
Each region is headed by an intendant (intendente), appointed by the President of Chile, and a directly-elected regional board (consejo regional).
Ethanol is derived from crops such as corn, sorghum, barley or sugarcane while biodiesel is derived from vegetable and animal fat.
EU political leaders and officials have said many times that sanctions won't be lifted until the Minsk deal is fully implemented.
Fasting during Ramadan is one of the five pillars of Islam, which is a symbol of sacrifice, spiritual rest and solidarity
Have you any just cause or impediment why this man and this woman should not be joined together in holy matrimony?
If tests show that you are likely to have CAD, other tests or procedures may be done to treat the disease.
I'm always being told to take my feet off the furniture, put a coaster under my beer, turn the TV down.
In botany, a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem, or trunk, supporting branches and leaves in most species.
Industrial processes: default emission factors may differ from some local industrial processes because of the differences in the raw material used.
In English Christmas cooking, brandy is a common flavouring in traditional foods such as Christmas cake, brandy butter, and Christmas pudding.
In the structure of the agricultural production 70% is from the crop field production, and 30% is from the livestock production.
In Western cuisine, ginger is traditionally used mainly in sweet foods such as ginger ale, gingerbread, ginger snaps, parkin, and speculaas.
Kidney transplantation or renal transplantation is the organ transplant of a kidney into a patient with end - stage kidney disease.
Later variants of the Vortec 3000 had modified cylinder heads where machined bosses were drilled for use with multipoint fuel injection.
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.
Of the five Black Buck raids, three were against Stanley Airfield, with the other two anti-radar missions using Shrike anti-radiation missiles.
Olivia and Jules get off to a rocky start to their friendship, but eventually end up in a steamy lesbian experience.
One of the design elements of premium motors is the reduction of heat losses due to the electrical resistance of conductors.
Oregano is a culinary herb, used for the flavor of its leaves, which can be more flavorful when dried than fresh.
OS X 10.9 Mavericks introduced a dedicated emoji input palette in most text input boxes using the key combination ⌘ Command+Ctrl+Space.
Polypropylene is also used in particular roofing membranes as the waterproofing top layer of single-ply systems as opposed to modified-bit systems.
Renaissance defenses of women are present in a variety of literary genre and across Europe with a central claim of equality.
Ricinus communis, the castor bean or castor oil plant, is a species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae.
Risk factors include high blood pressure, smoking, diabetes, lack of exercise, obesity, high blood cholesterol, poor diet, depression, and excessive alcohol.
Scientists study the cloud fields that make up June Gloom to increase understanding of cloud behavior at the onset of precipitation.
Tactical F-111s were fitted with shoulder rails on the four inner swiveling pylons to mount AIM-9 Sidewinder air-to-air missiles for self-defense.
Textile industries in Western countries have declined sharply as textile companies compete for cheaper labour in other parts of the world.
The boxing competition allows for a demonstration by the various martial arts schools to help promote themselves and their Chinese culture.
The chimpanzee's hand and foot are similar in size and length, reflecting the hand's use for bearing weight in knuckle walking.
The Curies' process was still used for industrial radium extraction in 1940, but mixed bromides were then used for the fractionation.
The fact that diamonds have become for the most part a symbol of love, romance, and marriage is not without design.
The Internet allows the masses to wrest control of fame from traditional media, creating micro-celebrities with the click of a mouse.
There are no restrictions on the Christmas meal, which typically is abundant and includes roasted pork, turkey or chicken and pastries
The SDPO last participated in the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election in coalition with the Democratic Party of Serbia and New Serbia.
These alloys are capable of storing up to 400 times their own volume of hydrogen gas in a reversible adsorption process.
The tiger's roar is not like the full-voiced roar of a lion, but more like a sentence of snarly, shouted words.
The Web Audio API specification developed by W3C describes a high-level JavaScript API for processing and synthesizing audio in web applications.
Tumor cells are helped along, for instance, by impairment in the immune system's macrophages, which seek out and destroy defective cells.
Tyson was known for his ferocious and intimidating boxing style as well as his controversial behavior inside and outside the ring.
Vector subtraction is performed by adding the scalar multiple of -1 with the second vector operand to the first vector operand.
Warner Media, LLC is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate owned by AT&T and headquartered in New York City.
What I'm not suggesting is that microbial cellulose is going to be a replacement for cotton, leather or other textile materials.
When water is mixed with Portland cement, the product sets in a few hours, and hardens over a period of weeks.
Whereas the large-scale producers of niobium are in Brazil and Canada, the ore there also yields a small percentage of tantalum.
While support for EU accession remains stable, at around #%, backing for NATO membership has declined because of concerns over Iraq
With a remaining population of only 8 animals in captivity the white rhino is the rarest large mammal in the world.
According to a review of previous research, high levels of chocolate consumption can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke.
According to park authorities, stay at least 100 yards/meters away from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals!
A cement is a binder, a substance used for construction that sets, hardens, and adheres to other materials to bind them together.
A few gay bars attempt to restrict entry to only gay or lesbian people, but in practice this is difficult to enforce.
A mosquito emoji 🦟 was added in 2018 to raise awareness for diseases spread by the insect, such as dengue and malaria.
And the archaeology shows that Rome actually started as a patchwork of small farms on the seven hills overlooking the River Tiber.
A series of reforms to the Russian army had begun in 1802, creating regiments of three battalions, each battalion having four companies.
Asphalt shingles is the most used roofing material in North America, making up as much as 75% of all steep slope roofs.
A volcano on its own is not the disaster, but when it erupts and affects large groups of people, it certainly is.
Bazalgette was a proponent of the use of Portland cement, a material stronger than standard cement, but with a weakness when over-heated.
Because of the desert's extreme aridity, only a few specially adapted mammal species live in the Atacama, such as Darwin's leaf-eared mouse.
By the late 1850s, a large number of Hungarians who had supported the 1848-49 revolution were willing to accept the Habsburg monarchy.
Domestic tax legislation is generally imposed on the legal consequences of transactions and the legal status of persons under the general law.
Eryngium alpinum, the alpine sea holly, alpine eryngo or queen of the Alps, is a herbaceous perennial plant in the family Apiaceae.
Forty-five minutes I heard about diseased cows on dairy farms, the horrors of genetic engineering and the overuse of antibiotics in cattle.
Google's Secure Shell extension for Chrome and Chromium pairs the JavaScript hterm terminal emulator with OpenSSH client code running on Native Client.
Heat-resistant plaster is a building material used for coating walls and chimney breasts and for use as a fire barrier in ceilings.
However, the word 夷 was first used in Chinese history referring to the people South of Yellow River over 5,000 years ago.
Hydrogen cyanide is weakly acidic with a pKa of 9.2. It partially ionizes in water solution to give the cyanide anion, CN-.
I have litte enough interest in clothes, but even I would have a dress run up for a ball if I could.
In 1042, Atisha, the great Indian Buddhist master who helped revive Buddhism in Tibet, was traveling in Tibet spreading the Buddha's teachings.
Industrially, molybdenum compounds (about 14% of world production of the element) are used in high-pressure and high-temperature applications as pigments and catalysts.
Inline twins are common in marine use both inboard and outboard, such as the Suzuki 15 models, and as jet pump motors.
Insurance inspector: It's surprising how the car which is responsible for the accident, I mean that jeep has fewer damages than yours.
In terms of sexual identity, adolescence is when most gay/lesbian and transgender adolescents begin to recognize and make sense of their feelings.
In the 2010 election, Republicans won 60% of the white votes, 38% of Hispanic votes and 9% of the African American vote.
In this renovation, four more minarets were added, the ceiling was refurnished, and the floor was replaced with artificial stone and marble.
It had a different engine from the Covenanter, different steering system and a conventional cooling system with radiators in the engine compartment.
It is also used in the manufacturing of ramming mass, a fine silica-containing powder used for producing induction furnace linings and ceramics.
It wasn't until the 10th century, 1,000 years after the birth of Christ, that paganism's hold on the frozen north was broken.
Legally, Norway had the status of an independent constitutional monarchy, with more internal independence than it had enjoyed in over 400 years.
Meanwhile, the privatization of space exploration has created a new $ 300 billion industry that may soon surpass the advancements of NASA.
Most species of wildlife are found in the northern part of the country, in the ecosystem of the Day Forest National Park.
NATO operations and enlargement will be among the top issues on the agenda of the Alliance's summit in Bucharest in early April
New catapult had been tested but canned rock missiles ready to go you could count on fingers of one hand-my left hand.
On the school's 50th anniversary in 2006, a athletic complex including a 1,400-seat stadium, 85 parking spaces, and tennis courts was constructed.
Pneumatic actuators, or pneumatic cylinders, are similar to hydraulic actuators except they use compressed gas to generate force instead of a liquid.
Populus is a genus of 25-30 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae, native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Pre-industrial machinery was built by various craftsmen-millwrights built water and windmills, carpenters made wooden framing, and smiths and turners made metal parts.
Rather than flanking the position, Lee attacked it directly, hoping that his artillery would clear the way for a successful infantry assault.
Roasted Tetovo beans and rice wrapped in cabbage leaves are among the specialties in a country known for its vegetarian holiday menu
Robert: Well, if you still want to do that, invite him now, because in a few weeks it will be already late.
Said invention makes it possible to increase the rigidity of the cells and to reduce hydraulic resistance to the heat carrier flow.
Smelting, using carbon to reduce iron oxides, results in an alloy (pig iron) that retains too much carbon to be called steel.
The attorney buried the autopsy report so he could ambush us in court and try and shame you into dropping the case.
The Bank, which decreased its benchmark interest rate to #% on January # th, will reconsider its annual inflation estimate in April
The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority.
The Charter stipulates the basic political points of co-operation between Macedonia, Albania and Croatia, and the United States supports the whole process.
The Danish Monarchy is constitutional and as such, the role of the monarch is defined and limited by the Constitution of Denmark.
The Greek word for plague is θανάτῳ, which is a variation of Θάνατος, indicating a connection between the Fourth Horseman and plague.
The group discussed laws on prosecution, court council and the penal code, the law on monitoring communication and the law against corruption
The idea of the royal touch promoted the power of the monarchy, but the ceremony was seldom performed in the 16th century.
The jury has reached a verdict after about 20-plus hours of deliberation and that verdict will be read at 5:30 this evening.
The National Center for Education Information says a predicted teacher shortage won't pan out because teachers who left the profession are returning.
The natural areas around the hotel were incorporated into Banff National Park, which has been declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
The New Testament offers no proof that Jesus established the Papacy nor that he established Peter as the first Bishop of Rome.
The opposing Russian forces were commanded by Pavel Liprandi and included approximately 20 battalions of infantry supported by over 50 artillery pieces.
The relevant authorities may, in the interest of justice, dispense with the investigation or prosecution of a crime punishable under the Act.
The Scud missiles targeting Israel were relatively ineffective, as firing at extreme range resulted in a dramatic reduction in accuracy and payload.
The second line is obtained using the total derivative, where ∂f/∂∇ρ is a derivative of a scalar with respect to a vector.
This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor.
We have the means, through genetics, robotics, information and nanotechnology, to control matter, energy and life itself at the most basic levels.
When browsing the Web in Opera Mini mode, JavaScript is processed by the proxy server, and is merely rendered on the device.
When wolves or bears attacked the livestock, the Puli would alert the pack and the Komondorok would come and fight the intruders.
With early treatment, rapid recovery from the acute symptoms can be expected, and the risk of coronary artery aneurysms is greatly reduced.
With heart failure, also called congestive heart failure, the heart muscle is weakened and does not pump as strongly as it should.
XPConnect's primary reason for existence is to replace handwritten code used in places where native code needs to interact with JavaScript code.
You wanted John to take you away from your secret little escort life, but he had no intentions of ending his marriage.
Adding sake kasu when mixing the ingredients for fermented dry sausage can increase the speed of decomposition in both sarcoplasmic and myofibrillar proteins.
A deal probably also needs to be in place before the International Monetary Fund releases the third part of a $17.5 billion loan.
After a long investigation we came to the conclusion that Clinton had a private server, while Trump and Comey had a private dinner.
After the brief legal discourse given above, we can say that the current Georgian legislation contains the relevant legal base to combat terrorism.
A left-handed person may chafe at the way so many household appliances are obviously designed for the convenience of those who are right-handed.
An induction furnace consists of a nonconductive crucible holding the charge of metal to be melted, surrounded by a coil of copper wire.
A parliamentary system that uses cabinet collective responsibility is more likely to avoid contradictions and disagreements between cabinet members of the executive branch.
Arcus results from cholesterol deposits in or hyalinosis of the corneal stroma, and may be associated with ocular defects or with familial hyperlipidemia.
As Suleiman stabilized his European frontiers, he now turned his attention to the ever-present threat posed by the Shi'a Safavid dynasty of Persia.
Blocking and bracing is a load securement method using lumber and metal bars to reduce or inhibit front to rear shifting of freight/cargo.
But the denomination faces ongoing barriers in a country where the majority religion is Islam, says the community's spiritual leader, Pastor Arthur Krasniqi
During the Napoleonic Wars in the late 18th century and early 19th century, Napoleon annexed territory formerly controlled by the Habsburgs and Savoys.
During this period in Mostar, the industrial base was expanded with construction of a metal-working factory, cotton textile mills, and an aluminum plant.
Euphorbia characias, the Mediterranean spurge or Albanian spurge, is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae typical of the Mediterranean vegetation.
Extractive metallurgy is a branch of metallurgical engineering wherein process and methods of extraction of metals from their natural mineral deposits are studied.
Financial risk is any of various types of risk associated with financing, including financial transactions that include company loans in risk of default.
For example, BEAM has a metal structure at the end that berths to the ISS - it's known as a common berthing mechanism.
Galium aparine, with common names including cleavers, clivers, catchweed and sticky willy among others, is an annual, herbaceous plant of the family Rubiaceae.
GSM localization uses multilateration to determine the location of GSM mobile phones, or dedicated trackers, usually with the intent to locate the user.
Hezbollah engaged in guerrilla warfare with IDF ground forces, fighting from well-fortified positions, often in urban areas, and attacking with small, well-armed units.
In 1882 the Imperial Russian Army converted all its line hussar and lancer regiments to dragoons, with an emphasis on mounted infantry training.
In addition, be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife, so avoid carrying or cooking odorous foods and keep a clean camp.
In contrast to the comparatively homogenous classical and pop genres, each nation of the UK has retained a distinct tradition of folk music.
In Filipino cuisine, ginisá is a culinary term that refers to a base of garlic, onions, and tomatoes sautéed together with cooking oil.
In gitionic superelectrophiles, charged centers are separated by no more than one atom, for example, the protonitronium ion O=N+=O+-H (a protonated nitronium ion).
In Indian cuisine, ginger is a key ingredient, especially in thicker gravies, as well as in many other dishes, both vegetarian and meat-based.
In professional wrestling, the referee's on-stage purpose is similar to that of referees in combat sports such as boxing or mixed martial arts.
In recent months, it has voiced objections to the AKP's presidential candidate, Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul, because of his roots in political Islam
In Scottish Gaelic, tòiseach translates as clan chief and both words originally had similar meanings in the Gaelic languages of Scotland and Ireland.
In the invoice proposal, you define the information about a customer invoice, such as the invoicing method and the transactions that are included.
In the late 19th century, the sports of basketball and volleyball were invented in the western Massachusetts cities of Springfield and Holyoke, respectively.
IPTV offers a wider range of TV channels than that available by cable or satellite, as well as superior image and sound quality
Legislation dealing with coastal and marine resources needs to address a wide range of land - based pressures upon coastal and marine environments.
Montenegro's government is defending its decision to send surplus weapons and ammunition to Afghanistan as a contribution to the global fight against terrorism
New media is a term used to define all that is related to the internet and the interplay between technology, images and sound.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation.
Other sports practised at the club are artistic roller skating, basketball, field hockey, futsal, handball, martial arts, roller hockey, swimming, tennis, and volleyball.
Pink Floyd were one of the first British psychedelia groups, and are credited with influencing genres such as progressive rock and ambient music.
Plasterers often use gypsum plaster to simulate the appearance of surfaces of wood, stone, or metal, on movie and theatrical sets for example.
Property damage tactics have been part of the labor movement, peace movement, ecology movement, environmental movement and anti - globalization movement, among others.
Rain at this time is not particularly good in an agricultural sense unless it is going to continue, and this is extremely unusual.
Serb forces included the 343rd Motorised Brigade (an enlarged motorized battalion) supported by two 105 mm howitzer batteries and one M-84 tank squadron.
Since around 2015, the French mass media company Vivendi has been seeking to expand its media properties through acquisitions and other business deals.
Since the Stirling numbers are the coefficients of a polynomial with roots 0, 1,..., n - 1, one has by Vieta's formulas that.
Sir could you please specify me the brand so that it will be easier for me to suggest you the best model available.
So, this may be a bit heavier than an Elise, thanks to its airbag and its anti-lock brakes and its soundproofing and turbo.
Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit.
Textile sweatshops full of poorly paid sewing machine operators grew into entire business districts in large cities like London and New York City.
The album and Chance received criticism from fans on social media, spawning many Internet memes primarily about the album's focus on Chance's marriage.
The artefact contained a wreath nearly as large as that found in the royal tombs of the Great Tumulus (Megali Toumba) at Vergina
The development of Cyrillic typography passed directly from the medieval stage to the late Baroque, without a Renaissance phase as in Western Europe.
The dioxygenases (EC 1.13.11) catalyze the oxidation of a substrate without the reduction of one oxygen atom from dioxygen into a water molecule.
The formulation of hydroponic solutions is an application of plant nutrition, with nutrient deficiency symptoms mirroring those found in traditional soil based agriculture.
The IrCl2- 6 ion has an intense dark brown color, and can be readily reduced to the lighter-colored IrCl3- 6 and vice versa.
The manganese steel plates were replaced with much lighter 25 mm molybdenum steel plates allowing for higher speed, greater maneuverability, and better protection.
The Mitsubishi 3A9 engine is a range of all-alloy three cylinder engines from Mitsubishi Motors that were jointly developed with 4A9 engine family.
The northern river shark appears to be extremely rare, though more subpopulations may remain to be discovered in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
The ratio between the highest and lowest water level in the underground is 312 m, which is the largest amplitude in the world.
There is no excess cardiovascular risk with dietary calcium intake, but calcium supplements are associated with a higher risk of coronary artery calcification.
The term battalion is used in the British Army Infantry and some corps including the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, and intelligence corps.
The use of cement versus petroleum based binders has raised some questions about the sustainability of petroleum binders for a number of reasons.
They can be roasted, stuffed with wild rice or barley or you can broil them, poach them barbecue them, and even braise them.
They made their way on to the stage and, striking matches, though they still collided with the hydraulic press, searched the whole stage.
Titanium powder is manufactured using a flow production process known as the Armstrong process that is similar to the batch production Hunter process.
Unlike other species of cannabis, Cannabis ruderalis enters the flowering stage based on the maturity of the plant, rather than its light cycle.
When two orthophosphoric acid molecules are condensed into one molecule, pyrophosphoric acid (H4P2O7) is obtained as follows: 2 H3PO4 → H4P2O7 + H2O
Without significant greenhouse gas mitigation, the increase in global annual average temperature could reach 9°F or more by the end of this century.
You remember that the affair of the blue carbuncle, which appeared to be a mere whim at first, developed into a serious investigation.
Adam: Last week I bought a new camera to take it to the beach with me and now there is something wrong with it.
Along with oxidane, water is one of the two official names for the chemical compound H2O; it is also the liquid phase of H2O.
As marine mammal species often play a large part in their ecosystems, it is possible that the sea mink was an important intertidal predator.
At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
Attack operations are the most basic role of the infantry, and along with defence, form the main stances of the infantry on the battlefield.
Both foxes and Eurasian badgers compete with raccoon dogs for food, and have been known to kill them if raccoon dogs enter their burrows.
Chamaebatia australis is a species of aromatic evergreen shrub in the rose family known by the common names southern mountain misery and southern bearclover.
Charcuterie is the branch of cooking devoted to prepared meat products such as bacon, ham, sausage, terrines, galantines, pâtés and confit, primarily from pig.
Combining the definitions of the gradient and divergence, the formula for the Laplace-Beltrami operator applied to a scalar function ƒ is, in local coordinates.
Concrete = cement + sand + aggregate + water = sidewalks + freeways + buildings + waterways + What would L.A. be without concrete?
Did you know that evening an unusually large sum of cash... would be turned in by drivers who had made COD collections that day?
During the Napoleonic Wars, the Royal Navy expanded to 176 ships of the line and 600 ships overall, requiring 140,000 sailors to man them.
During these Virginia campaigns, Warren established a reputation of bringing his engineering traits of deliberation and caution to the role of infantry corps commander.
Educated combat sports fans genuinely respect boxing and MMA, but let's be honest, there's a large group that would not fit into that category.
Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.
Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains.
Examples of each of these altitudinal zonation patterns is described below, by examining the climate and ecology of several locations around the Mediterranean Basin.
For closer-range defense, the ship also has 128 SA-N-9 Gauntlet surface-to-air missiles (the naval version of the SA-15 Tor) and five Kashtan close-in-weapons systems.
For planed lumber, board feet refer to the nominal thickness and width of lumber, calculated in principle on its size before drying and planing.
For the 2019 series, it was announced that Eurovision commentator and former X Factor contestant Rylan Clark-Neal would join the program as a co-host.
HbA1c has not been found useful in the treatment of cats and dogs with diabetes, and is not generally used; fructosamine is favoured instead.
Here, the EU pointed to an American research, which indicated that, among other toys, balloons are one of the main causes of child suffocation.
If f: X → Y is injective and A and B are both subsets of X, then f(A ∩ B) = f(A) ∩ f(B).
In 1946, after World War II, President Harry Truman offered to $100 million to buy Greenland for its geopolitical strategic importance, which Denmark declined.
In 2005, she appeared in the Disney film Ice Princess, in which she played Tina Harwood, ice skating coach of the film's lead character.
In response to resistant weeds, farmers are hand-weeding, using tractors to turn over soil between crops, and using other herbicides in addition to glyphosate.
It is estimated that the total monthly estimated cost of utilities for water production, sanitary and solid waste removal and generators will be $614,000.
Ján Bahýľ, a Slovak inventor, adapted the internal combustion engine to power his helicopter model that reached a height of 0.5 meters in 1901.
Lantana camara is a small perennial shrub which can grow to around 2 m tall and form dense thickets in a variety of environments.
Molybdenum is also used to enhance the corrosion resistance of ferritic (for example grade 444) and martensitic (for example 1.4122 and 1.4418) stainless steels.
One of the first rotary hydraulic motors to be developed was that constructed by William Armstrong for his Swing Bridge over the River Tyne.
On his way back, Hitler ordered Göring and Hess to take Eugen von Knilling and seven other members of the Bavarian government into custody.
Personal accounts will help people to on top of the state pension through a low cost flexible pension savings scheme with an employer contribution.
Portland pozzolan cement includes fly ash cement, since fly ash is a pozzolan, but also includes cements made from other natural or artificial pozzolans.
Same-sex sexual activity is legal in Rwanda, and some cabinet-level government officials have expressed support for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender people.
Soccer is a very important sport for Serbia and, in association with international sports organisations, we will open the House of Soccer next year
Some more modern steels include tool steels, which are alloyed with large amounts of tungsten and cobalt or other elements to maximize solution hardening.
Sour borscht and mixed pork organs roasted in a stove, the latter usually accompanied by red wine and homemade sheep cheese, become tochitura moldoveneasca
Supersulfated cements contain about 80% ground granulated blast furnace slag, 15% gypsum or anhydrite and a little Portland clinker or lime as an activator.
Tell your nurse right away if the site swells or bleeds, or if you feel pain, numbness or tingling in your leg or arm.
The 43rd Battalion's first call to service came in 1870 when they were deployed to the Prescott area to defend Canada against Fenian raids.
The adult saltwater crocodile's broad body contrasts with that of most other lean crocodiles, leading to early unverified assumptions the reptile was an alligator.
The cuisine of East Timor consists of regional popular foods such as pork, fish, basil, tamarind, legumes, corn, rice, root vegetables, and tropical fruit.
The earliest known Sanskrit title for the sūtra is the सद्धर्मपुण्डरीक सूत्र, Saddharma Puṇḍarīka Sūtra, meaning'scripture of the Lotus Blossom of the Fine Dharma'.
The farm also serves as a training center for aspiring farmers who want to learn how to grow - and market - sustainable produce.
The first prototype was soon delivered and testing occurred between July and August 1970, followed by the production of a second prototype in 1971.
The glacier's melting waters are the main source of the Nubra River in the Indian region of Ladakh, which drains into the Shyok River.
The Internet has provided a means for newspapers and other media organizations to deliver news and, significantly, the means to look up old news.
The music of Hawaii includes an array of traditional and popular styles, ranging from native Hawaiian folk music to modern rock and hip hop.
"Then say: "While most try to follow this commandment, some feel that stealing and other forms of dishonesty may be justified in extreme circumstances.
The NXT Championship is a professional wrestling world championship created and promoted by the American promotion WWE and defended exclusively on their NXT brand.
The Roman Empire was an ancient culture with a relatively high literacy rate, but many works by its most widely read historians are lost.
These effects must also be taken into consideration to ensure that only engines with similar exhaust emission characteristics are included within an engine family.
These words do not appear in any of the ancient Bible manuscripts but were added later in order to support the false Trinity doctrine.
The warning signs of early speech delay are categorized into age-related milestones, beginning at the age of 12 months and continuing through early adolescence.
Together with Caribbean music genres such as Calypso, Soca, Dancehall, Reggae, Compas, Zouk, and Salsa, Saint Lucia has a strong indigenous folk music tradition.
Under the California Ban the Box Law, an employer may conduct a criminal history check only after making the applicant a conditional job offer.
Well, the traffic was rather heavy and the driver of that blue jeep wanted to take a shortcut as he was in a hurry.
We will never overhaul a car, build a fountain in our backyard, travel to Peru to examine ancient ruins, or remodel our neighbour's house.
Whole crops such as maize, Sudan grass, millet, white sweet clover, and many others can be made into silage and then converted into biogas.
Würth has been sponsor on the uniforms of referees and their assistants in La Liga, Spain's premier football league for the last several years.
Abraham's complete submission to God's will is reflected in the faith in all three monotheistic religions, also known as Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam
Also, NGF has been shown to play a role in a number cardiovascular diseases, such as coronary atherosclerosis, obesity, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome.
And the first thing I wanted to do as a Muslim was to go to Mecca and visit the Kaaba, the holiest shrine of Islam.
"As mentioned above, though the word "Eskimo" remains acceptable in the United States, it is considered pejorative by many non-U.S. Arctic peoples, especially in Canada."
Because of the discrete atomic nature of matter and the possibility of exponential growth, this stage is seen as the basis of another industrial revolution.
Bruguiera sexangula, commonly called the upriver orange mangrove, is a mangrove shrub or tree usually growing up to 15 m, occasionally 30 m, in height.
Chinese state media reported in October 2017 that the designs of J-20 had been finalized, and is ready for mass production as well as combat-ready.
Curry was introduced to English cuisine starting with Anglo-Indian cooking in the 17th century as spicy sauces were added to plain boiled and cooked meats.
Developmental disorders tend to have a genetic origin, such as mutations of FOXP2, which has been linked to developmental verbal dyspraxia and specific language impairment.
Dry and violent winds associated to very scarce rainfall that prevent enough humidification of the soils; making difficult the development of the whole vegetal life.
During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, village volunteers, male and female, trained in armed guerrilla warfare by SSB, had participated in protecting the Indian border.
Edward III understood the power of chivalry like no-one else, and he used it to bind together the knights, the nobles and the Plantagenet crown.
For most of the past 10,000 years, global average temperature has remained relatively stable and low compared to earlier hothouse conditions in our planet's history.
GPCR linked proteins most likely interact with steroid hormones through an amino acid consensus sequence traditionally thought of as a cholesterol recognition and interaction site.
He checked the power of the nobles and helped the towns to free themselves from seigniorial authority, granting privileges and liberties to the emergent bourgeoisie.
Higher concentrations of carbon and other alloying elements such as manganese, chromium, silicon, molybdenum, vanadium, copper, and nickel tend to increase hardness and decrease weldability.
If the current-account balance is assessed together with the fiscal position, it becomes possible to draw conclusions about risky debt trends within the private sector.
In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
In 1972, Hurricane Agnes caused extensive flooding in the city, not the last time the lower precincts of Reading were inundated by the Schuylkill River.
In contrast to these objections, other feminist scholars argue that the lesbian feminist movement in the 1980s was good for women in the porn industry.
India is home to several well-known large animals, including the Indian elephant, Indian rhinoceros, Bengal tiger, Asiatic lion, Indian leopard, snow leopard, and clouded leopard.
In early 2018, media publications noted that shortly after the product's introduction, the consumption of Tide Pods became a topic of discussion on the Internet.
In Ecuadorian cuisine, sofrito is called refrito, and it is made of Spanish onions, cubanelle peppers, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic, cilantro, and ground toasted cumin.
In either case, the product is reduced using hydrogen, yielding the metal as a powder or sponge that can be treated using powder metallurgy techniques.
In Serbia, a rape case involving two minors in February prompted politicians to seek amendments to the Criminal Law and the introduction of chemical castration
Instant pudding and pie filling is an instant food product that is manufactured in a powder form and used to create puddings and pie filling.
In Sufi Islam, the first mental state that precedes human action is known as jila al - khatir, which roughly translates to 'cleansing the heart'.
In the American midwest between 1850 and 1900, a large number of small windmills, perhaps six million, were installed on farms to operate irrigation pumps.
In the early 1970s, the price rose rapidly as a result of increasing demand for bismuth as a metallurgical additive to aluminium, iron and steel.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender street children are three times likelier to engage in survival sex compared with their heterosexual counterparts, according to one study.
Meanwhile, Russian defence expert and deputy editor of the online daily Yezhednevny Zhurnal Alexander Golts said Moscow, which vehemently opposes Georgia's NATO bid, is grandstanding
Men will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars.
Merkel's loan guarantee comes with stipulations that Kiev cannot use the money to fund military operations in the four hotbed provinces on the Russian border.
Music was present almost universally in Greek society, from marriages and funerals to religious ceremonies, theatre, folk music and the ballad-like reciting of epic poetry.
Nelson uses a variety of music styles to create his own distinctive blend of country music, a hybrid of jazz, pop, blues, rock and folk.
On 7 July, Private Thomas A. Baker and his comrades from the 1st Battalion, 105th Infantry Regiment, came under attack by a large Japanese force.
One of Greece's top newspapers, Ta Nea, received a phone call from the group, saying it was now focusing on the mass media- mainly reporters
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Precipitation averages about 9.5 inches per year using recent 30-year periods, but during the period of record beginning in 1897, the average is 8.7 inches.
Senior doctors at the University of Michigan, Kevorkian's employer, opposed his proposal and Kevorkian chose to leave the University rather than stop advocating his ideas.
Simply put, this is about how European legislation governs the handling of public contracts, followed by individual state legislations and then the actual practice itself.
Small mammal species that inhabit along the trails are beaver, squirrel, river otter, chipmunk, porcupine, bobcat, two species of fox, boar, woodchuck, raccoon, and coyote.
Soil salination is the accumulation of free salts to such an extent that it leads to degradation of the agricultural value of soils and vegetation.
The alluvial soils of the Pineios Basin and its tributaries make Thessaly a vital agricultural area, particularly for the production of grain, cattle, and sheep.
The Commander in your dream is the only one who will dare to rise from the trench, under fire, and lead soldiers in the attack.
The Kish tablet dates to 3,500 BC, and is believed to pre-date both the Sumerian cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphic writing by nearly a hundred years.
The Marcel Bezençon Awards were first handed out during the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 in Tallinn, Estonia honoring the best competing songs in the final.
The mass media and communications department of the University of Athens presented a study on Greek-based satellite television channels and Greek expatriates ' viewing preferences
The men's individual archery event at the 2008 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme and took place at the Olympic Green Archery Field.
The PlayStation Portable version features tweaked artificial intelligence, the updated Road to the Show, revamped animation, and a Rivalry Mode, as well as updated rosters.
The whole business of the descolada is entering a host organism's cells, reading the genetic code, and reorganizing it according to the descolada's own plan.
They are annual, biennial or perennial herbaceous plants; most are perennials with sturdy rhizomes, often forming dense thickets, crowding or shading out other plant species.
Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
Unlike traditional journalism, social media does not have an obligation to the truth. Its users are its reporters, and they are accountable to no one.
Vegans replace personal care products and household cleaners containing animal products with products that are vegan, such as vegan dental floss made of bamboo fiber.
When I knew I was coming here, I went online and found out that the local paper here in Tennessee is the Lebanon News Sentinel.
A battle group consists of an infantry battalion or armoured regiment with sub-units detached from other military units acting under the command of the battalion commander.
A bioswale is a shallow depression in a piece of land meant to gather and filter stormwater runoff by directing polluted rainwater through soil and vegetation.
After cutting down a swath of rainforest, soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they cannot sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock.
After the politicians had been elected, they threw their election platform into the fire and pondered how they could make themselves rich as fast as possible.
A later method developed for solid propellant ballistic missiles achieves thrust vectoring by deflecting only the nozzle of the rocket using electric actuators or hydraulic cylinders.
Although there may not be any successful treatments for progeria itself, there are treatments for the problems it causes, such as arthritic, respiratory, and cardiovascular problems.
"A man named Troy, who was hooked on Internet pornography, says: "I fought to purge wrong thoughts from my mind by focusing on positive thoughts instead.
An emoticon or smiley is a symbol or combination of symbols used to convey emotional content in written or message form (😔, 😭, 🫠, 🤣, 🤣).
Animal models of bullous pemphigoid have been developed using transgenic techniques to produce mice lacking the genes for the two known autoantigens, dystonin and collagen XVII.
A number of acute and chronic infections including Chlamydophila pneumoniae, influenza, Helicobacter pylori, and Porphyromonas gingivalis among others have been linked to atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction.
A simple implementation of this can be the application of the proportional control for nadir pointing making use of either momentum or reaction wheels as actuators.
A well-documented fight between Golden Gloves boxing champion Joey Hadley and Arkansas Karate Champion David Valovich happened on June 22, 1976 at Memphis Blues Baseball Park.
Based on embroidery machinery used in the garment textile industry, the machines have been adapted to deposit and stitch fiber roving material onto a base material.
Buttercups are mostly perennial, but occasionally annual or biennial, herbaceous, aquatic or terrestrial plants, often with leaves in a rosette at the base of the stem.
Chinese historians in later periods were accustomed to the notion of one dynasty succeeding another, but the political situation in early China was much more complicated.
Cob-like mixes are also used as plaster or filler in several methods of natural building, such as adobe, earth bags, timber frames, cordwood, and straw bales.
Earlier systems, relying on simpler injectors, often injected into a sub-chamber shaped to swirl the compressed air and improve combustion; this was known as indirect injection.
Even in a narrow range of concentrations of mixtures of carbon and iron that make steel, several different metallurgical structures, with very different properties can form.
Female homosexual behavior may be present in every culture, although the concept of a lesbian as a woman who pairs exclusively with other women is not.
Following his combat sports career, LeBell, along with his brother Mike, ran the National Wrestling Alliance's Los Angeles territory, NWA Hollywood Wrestling, from 1968 to 1982.
For white collar jobs, particularly those requiring communication skills, the employer will typically require applicants to accompany the form with a cover letter and a résumé.
Greece is a unitary parliamentary republic and developed country with an advanced high-income economy, a high quality of life, and a very high standard of living.
Ha, ha. And on Thursday, did you put clothes in my bag after I warned you that I was reporter doing a story about your shoplifting?
Hippocrates in 400 BC said that exercise is man's best medicine, but his message has been lost over time and we are an increasingly sedentary society.
Hopes for the stalled peace process rose earlier this year after Christofias won a presidential runoff, pledging to spare no effort towards ending the island's division
Hot carbon dioxide, unreacted carbon monoxide, and nitrogen from the air pass up through the furnace as fresh feed material travels down into the reaction zone.
I mean I could literally single out the sound of every musical instrument being played, the drum thumping, the bass throbbing the heavy guitar riffs everything.
In 1987, he had a below-average season by his standards, fueling criticism from the New York media, which had never covered Henderson or his eccentricities kindly.
In 2016, Twitch added a LUL emoji, sketched from a laughing Bain photo, which has since become one of the most popular emojis on that platform.
In September a survey by the Health Service Journal showed that 34 of 188 CCGs who responded to their survey had restricted access to some services.
Magma can rise when pieces of Earth's crust called tectonic plates slowly move away from each other. The magma rises up to fill in the space.
Most female mammals have an estrous cycle, yet only ten primate species, four bat species, the elephant shrew and the spiny mouse have a menstrual cycle.
Nowadays a parliamentary democracy that is a constitutional monarchy is considered to differ from one that is a republic only in detail rather than in substance.
One way to check your baby's health before birth is to count the number of times he or she moves in a certain period each day.
On October 30, 2019, Valiant released a teaser image featuring the bird logo of Harbinger on a blue background, with the hashtag #Valiant2020 on the bottom.
People who live in an oasis must manage land and water use carefully; fields must be irrigated to grow plants like apricots, dates, figs, and olives.
Percival is a Polish folk music band from Lubin, formed by musicians of folk-metal band Percival Schuttenbach due to their fascination with history and historical reenactment.
Portland cement is the most common cementing agent in grout, but thermoset polymer matrix grouts based on thermosets such as urethanes and epoxies are also popular.
PP83 For UN No. 2813, waterproof bags containing not more than 20 g of substance for the purposes of heat formation may be packaged for transport.
Social media has provided Gen Zers an intense connectivity with the world around them, but somehow, according to a 2018 survey, they are still the loneliest.
Some of the key pollutant concentrations in μg/m3 for the hourly background index, the corresponding sub-indices, and five CAQI ranges and verbal descriptions are as follows.
Sometimes squirrels build their own dreys and sometimes they occupy a vacant drey that was previously constructed by another tree squirrel, often of a different species.
Symmetries are prominent in textile arts including quilting, knitting, cross-stitch, crochet, embroidery and weaving, where they may be purely decorative or may be marks of status.
Thanks to biofuel cells, one will soon be able to power one's mobile phone, MP3 player or Laptop without power plug but just sugar and water.
The functionality of the Windows XMLHTTP ActiveX control in IE 5 was later implemented by Mozilla, Safari, Opera and other browsers as the XMLHttpRequest JavaScript object.
The left-wing opposition is calling for a postponement, arguing that a delay is needed to implement amendments to the election code and meet the required standards
The matter was referred to the Court of Appeal, and that Court decided that the defendant's conviction was unsafe and that he should be tried again.
The most common terms for homosexual people are lesbian for females and gay for males, but gay also commonly refers to both homosexual females and males.
The New York Senate has put up something called Open Legislation, also hosting it on GitHub, again for all of the reasons of updating and fluidity.
The ocean is the lifeblood of Earth, covering more than 70 percent of the planet's surface, driving weather, regulating temperature, and ultimately supporting all living organisms.
The phenomenon in helium-3 is thought to be related to pairing of helium-3 fermions to make bosons, in analogy to Cooper pairs of electrons producing superconductivity.
The rapid development and urgency of producing a vaccine for the COVID‑19 pandemic may increase the risks and failure rate of delivering a safe, effective vaccine.
The register is a personal record of banking transactions used for credit card purchases as they affect funds in the bank account or the available credit.
The scientists assembled dozens of temperature records from multiple studies, including data from sediment cores drilled in lake bottoms and sea floors, and from ice cores.
The "typical" visit involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving Disney property, and returning home.
This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on April 18, 2006 in the Cultural category and remains on the Tentative list today.
Tom jumped out of the trench, ran towards the machine gun nest, and hurled a grenade into it all the while amidst a hail of bullets.
Vacuum brazing is often conducted in a furnace; this means that several joints can be made at once because the whole workpiece reaches the brazing temperature.
Vaughan Williams was a noted composer and arranger of music in the Anglican Church and a founder member of the English Folk Dance and Song Society.
When the first and second arrows lift actual growth above potential growth, monetary expansion will no longer be able to produce substantial GDP or employment gains.
Zinc polycarbonate was invented in 1968 and was revolutionary as it was the first cement to exhibit the ability to chemically bond to the tooth surface.
A blast furnace is a type of metallurgical furnace used for smelting to produce industrial metals, generally pig iron, but also others such as lead or copper.
After Harold developed into a tropical cyclone during April 2, the Solomon Islands Meteorological Service issued a tropical cyclone warning for the whole of the island nation.
Along with the island of Ischia and gulfs of Pozzuoli and Gaeta, local waters are home to varieties of whales and dolphins including fin and sperm whales.
Although the instantaneous uncertainty is sub - millimeter, the measured lunar distance can change by more than 21000 km from the mean value throughout a typical month.
Amundsen succeeded in reaching the Pole on 14 December 1911 using a route from the Bay of Whales to the polar plateau via the Axel Heiberg Glacier.
A servomotor is a motor, very often sold as a complete module, which is used within a position - control or speed - control feedback control system.
A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
As with other electronic genres, nu-disco producers use both digital and analog synths to create melodic and harmonic lines, and add ambiance and color to their records.
But what did you feel when you signed the registrar at his burial when you took his money, his house, and his few lean sticks of furniture?
Control algorithms are computer programs that receive data from vehicle sensors and derive the appropriate commands to the actuators to rotate the vehicle to the desired attitude.
Depending on temperatures, 40-80 days after bud break the process of flowering begins with small flower clusters resembling buttons appearing on the tips of the young shoots.
Domestic cats are affected by over 250 naturally occurring hereditary disorders, many of which are similar to those in humans, such as diabetes, hemophilia and Tay-Sachs disease.
Education should be firm in explaining to young children that differences exist and have to be respected - therefore the importance of a secular and impartial state.
Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
Following the war, the festival turned international, but it retained its avant - garde, experimental spirit, as well as very high artistic standards established by its founders.
Follow this street till you see the monument, right behind it you will see a park, go right through the park and turn right following Gertsen Street.
For example, the decibel is a unit used to express ratio as logarithms, mostly for signal power and amplitude (of which sound pressure is a common example).
For flat-panel photovoltaic systems, trackers are used to minimize the angle of incidence between the incoming sunlight and a photovoltaic panel, sometimes known as the cosine error.
For the fiscal year 2017, FIS reported earnings of US$1.319 billion, with an annual revenue of US$9.123 billion, a decrease of 1.3% over the previous fiscal cycle.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
Glitter was an influence on a number of musicians and genres from the 1970s onwards, especially British punk, post-punk, new wave, gothic rock, Britpop and glam metal.
HUL emerged as the top "Dream Employer" as well as the top company considered for application in the annual B-School Survey conducted by Nielsen in November 2010.
If the n × n matrix M is nonsingular, its columns are linearly independent vectors; thus the Gram-Schmidt process can adjust them to be an orthonormal basis.
If you have bleeding that will not stop or a lump that gets bigger at the site, lie flat, hold pressure on the site and call 911.
In January 2019, Sauber announced the team would rename to Alfa Romeo Racing, but unlike BMW Sauber, the ownership, racing licence and management structure would remain unchanged.
In March 2019, the European Commission concluded that palm oil cultivation results in excessive deforestation and its use in transport fuel should be phased out by 2030.
In mathematics, Budan's theorem is a theorem for bounding the number of real roots of a polynomial in an interval, and computing the parity of this number.
In the 19th century, a current in Judaism supporting a return to Zion grew in popularity, particularly in Europe, where antisemitism and hostility toward Jews were growing.
"It's so sad that we constantly say",I don't believe so I can't have community, so I'm cut off from morality, so I can't go on a pilgrimage.
Landing on the moon involves reducing the velocity at which the lander comes down to ensure a touchdown so soft that it prevents damage, tilting or crashing.
Louis XII, and the emperor Maximilian, supported by the opponents of Pope Julius II, convened in Pisa a council that threatened the rights of the Holy See.
Teemu Selänne, at age 43 years and 234 days, became the oldest ice hockey player to win an Olympic medal, by being part of Team Finland's bronze.
The concept of adolescence has been criticized by experts, such as Robert Epstein, who state that an undeveloped brain is not the main cause of teenagers' turmoils.
The cuisine of Fiji in pre-colonial times consisted of root crops, vegetables, and fruits, as well as various land animals such as wild pig, and various birds.
The house was a large solid red brick structure, sprawling lengthwise rather than upwards, with rather too many gables, and a vast number of leaded paned windows.
The initial M48s first landed with the US Marine 1st and 3rd Tank Battalions in 1965, with the 5th Marine Tank Battalion later becoming a back-up/reinforcement unit.
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue.
The ocean is great at sucking up CO₂ from the air. It absorbs about one-quarter of the CO₂ that we humans create when we burn fossil fuels.
The PNA-Aloumat won no seats in the 1999 parliamentary election, and Jackou was an opposition leader without representation in the National Assembly for the next five years.
The regularization of 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯ is also involved in computing the Casimir force for a scalar field in one dimension.
The schiavona became popular among the armies of those who traded with Italy during the 17th century and was the weapon of choice for many heavy cavalry.
The Trump administration has thrown out Obama - era rules that expended federal protection of waterways from pollution, a move environmentalists say they will challenge in court.
The Vatican Library has the drawing of the Map Of Hell, and the illustrations for cantos I, IX, X, XII, XIII, XV and XVI of the Inferno.
This protocol suite allows a terminal to transmit requests that have an HTTP or HTTPS equivalent to a WAP gateway; the gateway translates requests into plain HTTP.
"Those who wish "to walk worthily of Jehovah" and to be "made powerful," Paul said, should "go on bearing fruit in every good work." -Colossians 1:10, 11."
Thus, we should not jump to the conclusion that a person must be guilty of sin that incurs death solely because he is expelled from the congregation.
Tracking viral load is used to monitor therapy during chronic viral infections, and in immunocompromised patients such as those recovering from bone marrow or solid organ transplantation.
Vegan cheeses used for market purpose are often not cultured or aged, instead acidic ingredients, such as lemon juice, are used to make it taste like cheese.
Venezuela is one of the 10 most biodiverse countries on the planet, yet it is one of the leaders of deforestation due to economic and political factors.vV
Water gets colder with depth because cold, salty ocean water sinks to the bottom of the ocean basins below the less dense warmer water near the surface.
Well, you bring me a hundred and two dollars and sixty cents and I send a wire telling the Valdosta operator to pay Adam one hundred dollars.
What is particularly exciting and extremely controversial about nanotechnology is the belief that nano machines will be designed to scavenge molecules from their environment to reproduce themselves.
A Programme of study consists of a combination of compulsory and optional courses, which leads to a certificates, certificate of advanced study, diploma, degree or a postgraduate degree.
A robot designed and operated by students at the Business and Technology University in Pristina will represent Kosovo in the June European Football Robotics Championships # in Austria
Artex differs from plaster in that it was marketed as a material intended to receive a textured finish, thus enabling a ceiling to be finished without plastering skills.
As diploma mills are typically licensed to do business, it is common practice within the industry to misrepresent their business license as indicating government approval of the institution.
Aside from writing for the Times as a political writer for five years, Herman currently writes about women's issues, including sports, on Twitter @girlinthelocker and a website www.
Avicenna was born c. 980 in Afshana, a village near Bukhara (in present-day Uzbekistan), the capital of the Samanids, a Persian dynasty in Central Asia and Greater Khorasan.
A Volume corrector is a device for calculating, summing and determining an increase of gas volume measured by the gas meter in terms equivalent to the base terms.
Bach's music was often adopted in other genres, for instance in Jazz music, by musicians such as Jacques Loussier, Ian Anderson and Uri Caine and the Swingle Singers.
Because nanotechnology is a recent development, the health and safety effects of exposures to nanomaterials, and what levels of exposure may be acceptable, is not yet fully understood.
Cleyera is a plant genus consisting of 18 species of tender, evergreen shrubs to small trees, mostly native to Mexico and Central America, and one from Eastern Asia.
For air-to-air combat, the Su-57 is expected to carry four beyond-visual-range missiles in its two main weapons bays and two short-range missiles in the wing root weapons bays.
He told us exactly how he... slipped the crates into his car, took them down to Maxwell Street Market, and sold them to a vendor for $ 10,000.
In 1304, the three western khanates briefly accepted the nominal suzerainty of the Yuan dynasty, but it was later overthrown by the Han Chinese Ming dynasty in 1368.
"In 2001, the financial group Goldman Sachs concluded that Brazil, Russia, India and China would be the "bricks" of the global economy, giving rise to the acronym "BRIC.
In countries with electoral colleges, citizens vote for representatives to pick heads of state for them, adding an extra layer to what would otherwise be a direct election.
In general, the injury pattern in MMA is very similar to that in professional boxing but unlike that found in other combat sports such as judo and taekwondo.
In Limbu cuisine, sargemba or sargyangma is a type of blood sausage made mostly from pork intestines, pork fat, rice and yangben, a type of edible wild lichen.
In order to solve this crime, we need to compile new evidence and if you were inclined, you could recant your testimony when we file for habeas corpus.
In patristic Greek, the word Stoichiometria was used by Nicephorus to refer to the number of line counts of the canonical New Testament and some of the Apocrypha.
Instead of using a vernier mechanism, which requires some practice to use, the dial caliper reads the final fraction of a millimeter or inch on a simple dial.
"Isaiah's contemporary Micah declares: "What is Jehovah asking back from you but to exercise justice and to love kindness and to be modest in walking with your God?
It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series.
It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.
It starts with a framework system where when the surgeon delivers the lecture using a framework of captioning technology, we then add another technology to do video conferencing.
Just beyond were the new school buildings, expensivink brick, and gravelled playground inside iron railings, all very imposing, and fixing the suggestion of a chapel and a prison.
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
Ms. Strong sent me a brochure detailing your newest line of laptop computers with a description of other software products, but there wasn't any information about after-sales service.
Net or netting is any textile in which the yarns are fused, looped or knotted at their intersections, resulting in a fabric with open spaces between the yarns.
Niacin, or vitamin B3 has a mechanism of action that is poorly understood, however it has been shown to decrease LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, and increase HDL cholesterol.
Notes: Latvia 2-0; Czech Republic 1-1; Belgium 0-2 Ukraine-Estonia 71-78 Venue: Lille, France Olympic qualifying bracket The winners of the 5-8th place semifinals advanced to the qualification tournament.
Ocean acidification refers to a reduction in the pH of the ocean over an extended period of time, caused primarily by uptake of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
Often used as a heavy duty demolition tool, the thermic lance is also used to remove seized axles of heavy machinery without damaging the bearings or axle housing.
One such example was the establishment at the Supreme Cassation Prosecution Office of multi-agency teams investigating fraudulent misuse of EU funds, money laundering, and organised crime and corruption
Research looking at the duration of urination in a range of mammal species found that nine larger species urinated for 21 ± 13 seconds irrespective of body size.
Serbia is not among highly indebted countries, our budget deficit cannot lead to state bankruptcy, and certain countries in the region are in far bigger debt than Serbia
Some English translations I had made of French poetry had enjoyed some success and I had been appointed to a lectureship at Beardsley College, Ohio, in the fall.
🎧So this may seem like a bit of a stretch, but hear me out: music is a fundamental part of what we are and of everything around us.
Still today, diurnality seems to be reappearing in many lineages of other animals, including small rodent mammals like the Nile grass rat and golden mantle squirrel and reptiles.
The 2012 United States federal budget was the budget to fund government operations for the fiscal year 2012, which lasted from October 1, 2011 through September 30, 2012.
The British government lost a Parliamentary vote regarding the Arrow incident and what had taken place at Canton to the end of the year on 3 March 1857.
The construction group Lemminkäinen was formed in 1910 as a roofing and asphalt company, the name was chosen specifically to emphasise that they were a wholly Finnish company.
The crusade is considered a failure after Louis IX died shortly after arriving on the shores of Tunisia, with his disease-ridden army dispersing back to Europe shortly afterwards.
The estimated global use is structural steel 35%, stainless steel 25%, chemicals 14%, tool & high-speed steels 9%, cast iron 6%, molybdenum elemental metal 6%, and superalloys 5%.
The securitization markets supported by the shadow banking system started to close down in the spring of 2007 and nearly shut - down in the fall of 2008.
The song was released on 11 March 2018, and its music video went on to receive more than 20 million views two months before the beginning of Eurovision.
Though many myths have been connected to Vlad III in connection with the Dracula myth, most historians agree that Vlad III Dracula never set foot in Castle Bran.
Treeshrews have a higher brain to body mass ratio than any other mammal, including humans, but high ratios are not uncommon for animals weighing less than a kilogram.
Wall linings in the rooms along the north-west side of the hall retain some original wide beaded boards, while other areas have v-jointed boards or fibre cement sheeting.
When n = 2, it is easy to see why this is incorrect: (x + y)2 can be correctly computed as x2 + 2xy + y2 using distributivity
Where vx, vy, and vz are the scalar components of v. Scalar components may be positive or negative; the absolute value of a scalar component is a magnitude.
While military analysts agree that sending weapons and ammunition to Afghanistan will help Montenegro draw closer to NATO, some say there is a potential cost to national security
While professional wrestling has been staged, or preplanned, from the time it was a sideshow attraction, the scripted nature of the performances has been hinted at over time.
Wire transfer from your account to Joanna Webster's, phone records with Joanna Webster prior to her testimony, and an affidavit stating you paid Ms. Webster to falsely testify.
A 2017 review found evidence that practice of a Mediterranean diet could lead to a decreased risk of cardiovascular diseases, overall cancer incidence, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, and early death.
Additionally, low income and education have been shown to be strong predictors of a range of physical and mental health problems, including respiratory viruses, arthritis, coronary disease, and schizophrenia.
A lens is considered wide - angle when it covers the angle of view between 64° and 84° which in return translates to 35-24mm lens in 35mm film format.
As a result, by September the provincial government of Al Anbar had committed 80 per cent of its 2006 capital budget and 49 per cent of its 2007 budget.
As children reach adolescence, the period of time between age 13 and 19, the dynamics of the parent-child relationship change as peer groups are now the focus of attention.
Asparagus asparagoides, commonly known as bridal creeper, bridal-veil creeper, gnarboola, smilax or smilax asparagus, is a herbaceous climbing plant of the family Asparagaceae native to eastern and southern Africa.
Bakewell pudding is an English dessert consisting of a flaky pastry base with a layer of sieved jam and topped with a filling made of egg and almond paste.
Browne's directorial credits include a piece called An Evening of Negro Poetry and Folk Music at the Delacorte Theatre and the Public Theatre in New York City in 1966.
But before we proceed I would like to request you to move the date for the hearing to next week as I have another case at the Supreme Court.
Calcite, obtained from an 80 kg sample of Carrara marble, is used as the IAEA - 603 isotopic standard in mass spectrometry for the calibration of δ18O and δ13C.
Cavalry had the advantage of improved mobility, and a soldier fighting from horseback also had the advantages of greater height, speed, and inertial mass over an opponent on foot.
Even in a narrow range of concentrations of mixtures of carbon and iron that make a steel, a number of different metallurgical structures, with very different properties can form.
Fiscal policy has been directed toward bringing down the budget deficit after public debt grew from a negative figure in 1988 to 56% in 1999 and 69.1% in 2009.
Following the exposure of the widespread sexual - abuse allegations against Harvey Weinstein in early October 2017, the movement began to spread virally as a hashtag on social media.
For about a century after its isolation, molybdenum had no industrial use, owing to its relative scarcity, difficulty extracting the pure metal, and the immaturity of the metallurgical subfield.
For example, cent account of 1,000 cents is equal to 10 US Dollars or Euros and is a more convenient and affordable amount of money to make first steps.
His studies of digital marketing topics and trends have been cited by major publications such as The Washington Post, Fast Company, The Wall Street Journal, and The Motley Fool.
Hydraulic and electric actuators have a very rigid behavior and can only be made to act in a compliant manner through the use of relatively complex feedback control strategies.
If the objective of one's visit to a particular place is to get to know its history and culture then this type of tourism is known as cultural tourism.
Imagine if a team of surgeons could fly into the brain, as though it was a world, and see tissues as landscapes, and hear blood density levels as music.
In 2016, Buck revealed that the problem was not due to a virus, but rather to vocal cord paralysis likely caused by anesthesia used during multiple hair transplantation procedures.
It is composed of 89% niobium, 10% hafnium and 1% titanium and is used for liquid rocket thruster nozzles, such as the main engine of the Apollo Lunar Modules.
Many leaders I met saw diversity as something to comply with out of political correctness, or, best case, the right thing to do, but not as a business priority.
Note that the constant term m²v² in the Lagrangian density has no physical significance, and the other term in it is simply the kinetic term for a massless scalar.
One has only to look at official data, including Greece's external debt, which amounts to 170% of national income, or its gaping government budget deficit (almost 13% of GDP).
One of the first details noted about Iguanodon was that it had the teeth of a herbivorous reptile, although there has not always been consensus on how it ate.
Originally built with Microsoft's own proprietary browser engine EdgeHTML and their Chakra JavaScript engine, Edge was rebuilt as a Chromium-based browser in 2019, using the Blink and V8 engines.
Phoenix Racing became an Audi Sport factory - supported team in 2009, competing at the Blancpain Endurance Series and 24 Hours of Nürburgring with an Audi R8 GT3 LMS.
Providing anti-tank missiles to the Free Syrian Army did not change Syria's or Russia's calculus, but rather prolonged the demise of the FSA at the hands of Assad's forces.
Reclaimed lumber sometimes has pieces of metal embedded in it, such as broken off nails, so milling the material can often ruin planer knives, saw blades, and moulder knives.
Republika Srpska President Milorad Dodik, who heads the SNSD party, said the agreement is the result of a compromise by domestic political parties, not pressure by the international community
Since 5β-coprostanol is formed from cholesterol in the vertebrate gut, the ratio of the product over reactant can be used to indicate the degree of faecal matter in samples.
Suggestions abound for the modern day correlation of biblical hyssop ranging from a wall plant like moss or fern, to widely used culinary herbs like thyme, rosemary or marjoram.
The bank began pursuing interstate banking in the legislature, and was successful, again with the help of other big banks, in passing enabling legislation that took effect in 1986.
The Czech word robot is now found in most languages worldwide, and the word pistol, probably also from Czech, is found in many European languages, such as Greek πιστόλι.
The determinant can be thought of as assigning a number to every sequence of n vectors in Rn, by using the square matrix whose columns are the given vectors.
The lowest layer of the atmosphere, the troposphere, begins at Earth's surface and reaches up to 7 kilometers at the poles and to about 17-18 kilometers at the equator.
The practice of praying towards the East is older than Christianity, but has been adopted by this religion as the Orient was thought of as containing mankind's original home.
The Russian mafia saw Israel as an ideal place to launder money, as Israel's banking system was designed to encourage aliyah, the immigration of Jews, and the accompanying capital.
The Shadow King's nexus survived however and when he recuperated he took over a military base's nuclear facility to use its missiles, aiming them at Utopia and New York.
The single largest category of anxiety disorders is that of specific phobias which includes all cases in which fear and anxiety are triggered by a specific stimulus or situation.
The structure is typically finished with plaster, either cement stucco on a strong mesh layer or an adobe or lime plaster, to shed water and prevent fabric UV damage.
This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
Upon receiving the libretto by mid-May, the composer sent a long series of letters to the librettist over several months instructing him on many points where changes were needed.
We are fighting for the preservation of the biosphere, of the climate and fresh air, and for the preservation of the species living on land and in the sea.
A bad harvest, or the prospect of one, would double the price of corn in a few weeks; and the promise of a good yield would lower it as rapidly.
After completion of the diploma, students wishing to become solicitors undertake a two - year traineeship with a law firm, before being admitted as full members of the Law Society.
After the conclusion of Operation Desert Storm, FORSCOM withdrew the M60 tank series from combat use and superseded it with the M1A1 Abrams for both the Army and Marine Corps.
A heart angioplasty, also called a PTCA (Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty) or balloon angioplasty, may be done with a heart cath if you have narrowed blood vessels in the heart.
Another carpentry method which is sometimes called plank wall, board wall, plank-on-plank, horizontal plank frame is the stacking of horizontal planks or boards to form a wall of solid lumber.
As a practical example, in the presence of suitable catalysts, p-xylene oxidizes exclusively at the benzylic positions to give terephthalic acid: CH3C6H4CH3 + 3 O2 → HO2CC6H4CO2H + 2 H2O.
At present, nanoinformatics is an extension of bioinformatics due to the great opportunities for nanotechnology in medical applications, as well as to the importance of regulatory approvals to product commercialization.
At the beginning of her career, Biller was known for her short films and staged musicals, which played with old Hollywood genres and tropes from the 1930s to the 1950s.
Before this renovation, which included the mosque's outer walls being raised and decoration added to the ceiling, the mosque was a small open area with the Kaaba at the center.
But the Professor was fenced round with safeguards so cunningly devised that, do what I would, it seemed impossible to get evidence which would convict in a court of law.
Calligraphy ranges from functional hand-lettered inscriptions and designs to fine art pieces where the abstract expression of the handwritten mark may or may not supersede the legibility of the letters.
Deep ecology is a movement founded by Arne Naess that establishes principles for the well - being of all life on Earth and the richness and diversity of life forms.
Dimolybdenum (Mo2) can be observed in the gas phase at low temperatures (7 K) by a laser evaporation technique using molybdenum sheet with, for instance, near-infrared spectroscopy or UV spectroscopy.
In 1939, Croatian and Slovenian clubs began leaving the Yugoslav Football Association and joining the newly found Croatian Football Federation, in protest of the alleged centralization of sport around Belgrade.
In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
Its headquarters and main manufacturing facilities are located in Martorell, an industrial town located some 30 kilometres northwest of Barcelona, with a production capacity of around 500,000 units per annum.
Madison: Ah, no, no, because most of the jobs are in the south, anyway for younger people so it's quite difficult to get a job in the north in teaching.
Organ transplantation is a medical procedure in which an organ is removed from one body and placed in the body of a recipient, to replace a damaged or missing organ.
She studied at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln, where she was majoring in home economics and at the University of California, Irvine, where she was majoring in social ecology.
Stalin, by occupying half of Poland, is in fact, playing into the hands of Hitler, who needs a common border with the U.S.S.R. to facilitate his plans, to invade Russia.
The most common distinguishing feature of citizenship is that citizens have the right to participate in the political life of the state, such as by voting or standing for election.
The stark contrast between, say, the success of the Republic of Korea and the wasteland of North Korea shows that central, planned control of the economy is a dead end.
The transformation of the domain is made by defining the radius' crown length and the amplitude of the described angle to define the ρ, φ intervals starting from x, y.
They may have won major prizes or awards, developed or invented widely used techniques or technologies within astronomy, or are directors of major observatories or heads of space-based telescope projects.
This was before the spitting and the furniture kicking and the grand finale where she pulled all the sheets off the bed and tried to flush them down the toilet.
Tigers are recorded to have killed more people than any other big cat, and tigers have been responsible for more human deaths through direct attack than any other wild mammal.
We believe that the arresting officers' testimony as well as the exhibits prove that there is more than enough probable cause to proceed against the defendant on all four counts.
Yet, perhaps fearing the heavy sentence inflicted on a man who admitted never being in full possession of his senses, the jury met and asked that the sentence be commuted.
A 2000 analysis of over 100 UK local education authority areas found educational attainment at 15-16 years of age to be strongly associated with coronary heart disease and subsequent infant mortality.
A late Song dynasty Chinese divination book that was printed in about 1270 AD features a picture of a collapsible umbrella that is exactly like the modern umbrella of today's China.
Also, based on the archaeology of city of Kumbi Saleh in modern-day Mauritania, the Mali empire came to dominate much of the region until its defeat by Almoravid invaders in 1052.
A medical study from 2008 in Tirana on the relationship between religious observance and acute coronary syndrome found out that 67% of Muslims and 55% of Christians were completely religiously non-observant.
An assault on a soccer referee by an Albanian MP- and his use of parliamentary immunity to skirt charges- has resulted in government efforts to remove such protections for parliament members
Any length of time trapped on a roller coaster would be uncomfortable, to say the least, and it took at least an hour to get the first person off the ride.
At the time it was claimed that as many as 20,000 Cubans had been killed under Batista, but most modern historians agree that the true figure is probably closer to 3-4,000.
Colutea is a genus of about 25 species of deciduous flowering shrubs in the legume family Fabaceae, growing from 2-5 m tall, native to southern Europe, north Africa and southwest Asia.
Foxes are generally smaller than some other members of the family Canidae such as wolves and jackals, while they may be larger than some within the family, such as Raccoon dogs.
He had a lot of latitude to move behind and near the enemy lines, to understand the culture, to understand the people, to understand what war did to the local people.
Lithuanian partisans, known as the Forest Brothers, began guerrilla warfare against the Soviet forces as soon as the front passed over them in 1944, and continued an armed struggle until 1953.
Now, if we can float a large enough tarp over the structure, we can give it a new roof and improve the surrounding drainage to prevent a mudslide from this hill.
Speed skating has increasingly become an indoor sport and providing the famous record breaking ice would no longer be possible if the stadium was to be optimized for athletics and football.
The decision to use the banking hall for functions instead of serving as the hotel's lobby was financially driven by allowing the hotel to rent out the large hall for events.
The prime minister and his party were by now so unpopular that most commentators predicted a landslide win for the opposition party to be in the offing for the next election.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too, Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Remember there's no need to hit the keys with a lot of force for extra volume like on the piano.
Today, as heads of UN refugee and development agencies, we call for the world to respond to this monumental upheaval by giving people the tools they need to rebuild their lives.
When Jackson took office, spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments.
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world,
Would she really notice that he had left the milk standing, not indeed from any lack of hunger, and would she bring in something else to eat more suitable for him?
A Christmas hamper is a traditional gift containing small nonperishable food items, particularly seasonal favorites such as fruitcake or plum pudding, chocolate, nuts, jams, biscuits, honey, smoked or dried meats, and cheese.
A personal portal is a Web Page at a Web site on the World Wide Web or a local HTML home page including JavaScript and perhaps running in a modified Web browser.
Farming is concentrated in the flatlands of the four west coast provinces, where a longer growing season, level land, adequate rainfall, and good irrigated soil permit the most intensive cultivation of crops.
Gold readily forms the cyanide complex Au(CN)- 2, which is used in its extraction from ore through the process of gold cyanidation; roentgenium is expected to follow suit and form Rg(CN)- 2.
In 2011, NASA released images of what it might look like to send architectural rovers to the moon to lay down the foundations of a moon base before people even got near.
Ismail's army was more mobile and his soldiers were better prepared, but the Ottomans prevailed due in large part to their efficient modern army, and possession of artillery, black powder and muskets.
Lawn Tennis Association of Australasia was one of the twelve national associations of tennis which established the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF) in a conference in Paris, France on 1 March 1913.
Oil production will most likely launch in the next few years, Turkish President Abdullah Gul said at a press conference in Ankara, after talks with Brazilian counterpart Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva
Organic livestock may be, and must be, treated with medicine when they are sick, but drugs cannot be used to promote growth, their feed must be organic, and they must be pastured.
Pureland origami is origami with the restriction that only one fold may be done at a time, more complex folds like reverse folds are not allowed, and all folds have straightforward locations.
The main motivation for the third central banking system came from the Panic of 1907, which caused a renewed desire among legislators, economists, and bankers for an overhaul of the monetary system.
When we were out past the tanneries onto the main road the troops, the motor trucks, the horse - drawn carts and the guns were in one wide slow - moving column.
A breakfast roll typically consists of a bread roll or baguette containing one or more fillings such as sausages, bacon, white or black pudding, butter, mushrooms, tomatoes and tomato sauce or brown sauce.
A large number of seeds are edible by humans and used in cooking, eaten raw, sprouted, or roasted as a snack food, or pressed for oil that is used in cookery and cosmetics.
Although Bennett had reached the same conclusion as Szilard's 1929 paper, that a Maxwellian demon could not violate the second law because entropy would be created, he had reached it for different reasons.
Based on the assumption that the militants killed at Leganés were indeed the individuals responsible for the train bombings, the ensuing investigation focused on how they obtained their estimated 200 kg of explosives.
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.
Gadolinium possesses unusual metallurgical properties, to the extent that as little as 1% of gadolinium can significantly improve the workability and resistance to oxidation at high temperatures of iron, chromium, and related metals.
In 1984, Audi launched the short - wheelbase Sport Quattro which dominated rally races in Monte Carlo and Sweden, with Audi taking all podium places, but succumbed to problems further into WRC contention.
No soldier from the war is known to still be alive but their voices were present through high school students reading their letters written at the front on this day a century ago.
Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
Since the high court supervised the judiciary of the whole country, it seems logical that men who had made a name in lower courts would be elevated to a seat in the Sanhedrin.
The Gershgorin circle theorem is useful in solving matrix equations of the form Ax = b for x where b is a vector and A is a matrix with a large condition number.
The method is much more difficult though for m>2 than it is for m=1 or m=2 because it is much harder to determine the roots of a polynomial of degree 3 or higher.
The volume element spanning from r to r + dr, θ to θ + dθ, and φ to φ + dφ is specified by the determinant of the Jacobian matrix of partial derivatives.
According to the gospels, Peter confessed Jesus as the Messiah, was part of Jesus's inner circle, thrice denied Jesus and wept bitterly once he realised his deed, and preached on the day of Pentecost.
An oatmeal pudding recipe found in the 18th century Compleat Housewife is made with beef suet and cream, thickened with oatmeal and mixed up with egg yolks, then baked in a dish with marrow.
Chinese pottery also used techniques where patterns, images or calligraphy were created as part-dried slip was cut away to reveal a lower layer of slip or the main clay body in a contrasting colour.
If the water table outside the basement is above the height of the basement floor, then the foundation drains or the weeping tiles outside the footings may be insufficient to keep the basement dry.
Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path.
Međugorje has become one of the most popular pilgrimage sites for Christians in the world and has turned into Europe's third most important religious place, where each year more than a million people visit.
Pope Innocent III wanted it to be led by the papacy, as the First Crusade should have been, to avoid the mistakes of the Fourth Crusade, which had been taken over by the Venetians.
Reports at the time said that different weapons, including rocket-propelled grenade launchers, mortars, grenades, explosives, machine guns and ammunition, had been found during a raid on houses in the town and in nearby caves
Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
Say, my young friend here, he got so excited at the sight of your sweet face and your - your hot body, that he - well, he threw a little PARTY in his pants.
The Banking System is the backbone of the local economy with a balance sheet of $152 billion at the end of 2012, nearing 3.5 times the GDP estimated at $43 billion by the IMF.
The Health Minister expressed concern both for the welfare of individuals taking advantage of the temporary legality of the substances involved, and for drug-related convictions handed down since the now-unconstitutional changes came into effect.
There are three forms of modern fencing, each of which uses a different kind of weapon and has different rules; thus the sport itself is divided into three competitive scenes: foil, épée, and sabre.
Tropical deforestation as a global concern rose to prominence in the 1980s and can be somewhat attributed to a fight for action by environmentalists and northern countries over the need to protect tropical woodland.
Utilizing an ephemeris, an astronomer can calculate lunar phases and the times of rising and setting of the sun and of the moon all around the world and for any day of the year.
With fiscal reforms under way, progress in the fight against corruption, low inflation rates and a negative trade balance, Albania is attracting more foreign direct investments (FDIs) with high profitability and low labour costs
As an example, if we let a function f represent addition (a commutative operation) so that f(x,y) = x + y then f is a symmetric function, which can be seen in the adjacent image.
A study published in 2009 links infection with CMV to high blood pressure in mice, and suggests that the result of CMV infection of blood vessel endothelium in humans is a major cause of atherosclerosis.
Children with ADD have a hard time focusing on things like school work, but they can concentrate on things they enjoy doing like playing games or watching their favorite cartoons or writing sentences without punctuation.
hereas all other chromosomes in the human genome have entropy rates of 1.5-1.9 bits per nucleotide (compared to the theoretical maximum of exactly 2 for no redundancy), the Y chromosome's entropy rate is only 0.84.
Members of the bankruptcy mafia are suspected of carrying out illegal sales of Serbian firms going through bankruptcy proceedings, causing millions of euros in losses to the state as well as to the companies involved
Agrimonia eupatoria is native to Europe and Southwestern Asia, where it grows in damp meadows, pasture, along stream banks, and among shrubs - it is also cultivated in other parts of the world for medical purposes.
Although it is still possible to use the verbose syntax, the current version of the language fully supports OO dot syntax, so that the code looks more like standard programming languages such as JavaScript or C++.
As a result of the counter-offensive, the front was turned upside down, the battles were going on in all directions, the tank battalion of G. Adilbekov was surrounded, but continued to carry out the combat mission.
Biodilution is also a process that occurs to all trophic levels in an aquatic environment; it is the opposite of biomagnification, thus when a pollutant gets smaller in concentration as it progresses up a food web.
Lead researchers say this may bring early detection of cancer, tuberculosis, HIV and malaria to patients in low-income countries, where the survival rates for illnesses such as breast cancer can be half those of richer countries.
No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed.
Olympic gold medalist McKayla Maroney, using the #MeToo hashtag on Twitter, stated that Nassar repeatedly molested her, starting in 2008 when she was 13 years old and continuing until she retired from the sport in 2016.
The electronegativity of boron (2.04 on the Pauling scale) compared to that of nitrogen (3.04) and also the electron deficiency on the boron atom and the lone pair on nitrogen favor alternative mesomer structures for borazine.
A cryptocurrency (or crypto currency) is a digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange that uses strong cryptography to secure financial transactions, control the creation of additional units, and verify the transfer of assets.
All hydrogenases catalyze reversible H2 uptake, but while the and hydrogenases are true redox catalysts, driving H2 oxidation and H+ reduction H2 ⇌ 2 H+ + 2 e- the hydrogenases catalyze the reversible heterolytic cleavage of H2.
If A and B are linear operators on vector spaces U and V, then a linear operator A ⊗ B may be defined on the tensor product of U and V, denoted U ⊗ V according to.
In the post-Cold War era, Central Asia is an ethnic cauldron, prone to instability and conflicts, without a sense of national identity, but rather a mess of historical cultural influences, tribal and clan loyalties, and religious fervor.
However, according to the Shirak Regional Museum, many historians assume that the name is derived from the name Eriakhi found in an ancient Urartian cuneiform, where king Argishti I narrated about his invasion of the land of Eriakhi.
"These children tend to get into a lot of trouble, because they "engage in risky behaviors, get into fights, and challenge authority" in order to stimulate their brain, since their brain can not be stimulated by normal methods."
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
Hayat Folk TV is available via cable systems throughout the Bosnia and Herzegovina and former Yugoslavia, Balkan countries or worldwide via exclusive IPTV platforms offering a special Hayat TV package (with Hayat TV, Hayat Plus and Hayat Music TV).
A natural try scorer, the former Italy U20 runner stands at 6 ft 1in and around 100 kg but is gifted with some excellent speed and a rare agility, making him a reliable option in almost every spot in the backs.
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
The urban renovation involves 700 km of public networks for water supply, sanitation, drainage, electricity, gas and telecom; 5 km of tunnels; 70 km of roads; 650 km2 of sidewalks; 17 km of bike path; 15.000 trees; and 3 plants for sanitation treatment.
So, we stuck an ad in the local paper saying we were gonna be in town for a few days and we'd pay cash to anybody who had any old photos or, better still, film footage of the King himself performing there 40 years before.
In the Confucius period, the guqin was a musical instrument that should be learned by the clergy. And guqin was the main duty of guqin, go, calligraphy and painting, which were obligatorily learned by clerics in China. The guqin relates closely to the cleric in his life for a few thousand years.