Abdominal
Abortion
Academy
accelerator
Acquitted
ADHESION
adult
Advertisement
Agriculture
algorithm
allegory
ALLOY
almonds
ambulance
ammunition
amplitude
Amputation
anapaest
anarchy
anatomy
ancestor
anesthesia
Angel
anomaly
antislip
anti-state
Apostasy
Appeal
apple
April
Arbitration
Arch
archaeology
archery
army
artefact
Artificial
artwork
Assault
Asthma
astronomical
Astronomy
atom
Atonement
attachment
attack
Attic
August
Autocracy
automation
backbeat
backstage
Badminton
banana
bandage
bandwidth
banjo
Baptize
baritone
bark
barley
barn
Barrack
Basilica
basketball
bas-relief
batik
Battlement
Beam
beans
Bear
Beatification
beautiful
Belief
biathlon
binary
BIOLOGY
blast
Bleed
Blind
Blog
Boar
bomb
bourgeoisie
boy
brakes
branch
brass
bread
breakfast
Brick
bricklayer
broadcast
brochure
bronze
brother
bud
Buddhism
Buffalo
Building
Bull
Bulldozer
bullet
bumper
bus
bush
butter
calendar
calligraphy
Camel
can
candy
cannon
canvas
car
carrot
cartoon
Cat
Catholicism
Cattle
cavity
cell
Cement
Censor
century
chaff
champion
championship
channel
cheese
Chess
chicken
Chimpanzee
chivalry
chlorophyll
chord
Christianity
chronicles
church
civilization
Class
clock
cloud
clutch
Coach
Coercion
coil
College
columnist
combine
come
Comet
commission
Compensation
concept
Conclave
Concrete
Confession
conservative
consolidation
CONSTITUTION
consulate
continuum
Contract
Cool!
copper
core
corn
correlation
Corruption
Cough
Court
crack
Cramp
Crane
credentials
cricket
crop
crop-rotation
Crucifix
crusade
cucumber
Cult
cultivate
cultivation
cumin
cuneiform
curling
cycle
Cycling
Damnation
darts
dashboard
database
daughter
debate
debt
December
declaration
defect
deflation
Deity
demand
democracy
Demon
Dentist
Depression
dessert
Detoxify
Diabetes
difficult
Digital
dinner
disarmament
Disease
dismantling
Divine
do
documentary
drainage
Drugs
drum
dynasty
Editor
Editorial
Educate
ELECTION
emulsion
engine
engineering
Enjoy!
enterprise
Entropy
Eozoic
Epiphany
equator
Evidence
Ew!
exponential
export
factory
farm
farmer
father
feasibility
February
Fee
Fencing
fern
fertilize
feudalism
feudatory
fever
fiber
fighter-bomber
firecracker
firewall
fish
flood
flowchart
flower
fluidity
flute
fog
food
Football
forest
Foundation
Fraud
Friction
Friday
Frog
fruit
Galaxy
garlic
garrison
gear
gearshift
Giraffe
girl
goalkeeper
Goat
Golf
Goodbye
Gorilla
gouache
government
graffiti
grandfather
grapes
grass
greenhouse
grenade
guitar
gymnasium
handball
handbrake
hardness
harmonica
harmony
harp
harvest
headlight
Heaven
Hell
Hellenism
Hello
helmet
heraldry
Heresy
Hibiscus
Hinduism
hockey
homomorphism
Horse
horticulture
Hostel
hostilities
Hound
hour
howitzer
Huh?
hurricane
ice
import
income
Indictment
inflation
injection
innovation
interest
interfaces
Internet
Interrogation
invader
Invalid
invasion
investment
invoice
ion
irrigate
Irrigation
Islam
island
Jaguar
January
javelin
jogging
Joist
Journalism
Journalist
Judge
Judgment
Judo
July
June
jungle
Kangaroo
Karate
kayak
keyboard
Kitten
lake
Lamb
landlord
laugh
lava
Law
leaf
leaflet
Lecturer
LED
lemon
Leopard
lettuce
Liability
liberal
Lion
Litany
Liturgy
livestock
Lizard
loan
looter
lunch
machete
magazine
magnetism
maintenance
man
March
mass
mass-production
Master
match
May
meal
meat
mechanism
melody
Meteorite
method
metro
Migraine
militant
millennium
minute
missile
molecule
monarchy
Monday
money
mosque
moss
mother
Motion
mountain
muffler
multiply
Murder
musket
Muslim
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
Nanotechnology
news
newsprint
No
November
Nunnery
Oath
octave
October
olive
onion
oranges
orchard
ore
oven
overture
Ovulation
oxygen
pain
pamphlet
parents
password
pasture
pattern
peaches
peanut
pears
pepper
periodical
pesticides
petal
photosynthesis
piano
Picotechnology
Pilgrimage
pine
pineapple
ping-pong
pistol
plane
Planet
plant
Plantation
plasma
Please
Plinth
political
pork
potatoes
Pregnancy
PRESIDENT
Press
Pressure
profit
Propaganda
Prosecution
Protestantism
proton
prototype
publications
pumpkin
Punishment
radiator
radio
rain
Ranch
Rape
rapier
referee
refugee
Regulation
Religion
republic
Rescission
revolver
rhythm
rifle
Robbery
robot
root
rowing
rugby
rustless
Sailing
salad
salt
sand
sandwich
sap
Satellite
Saturday
sausage
savings
saxophone
Scaffolding
scarecrow
School
Score
Sculpture
sea
second
seed
Sensation
sensational
September
Seriously?!
shareholder
shot
silencer
sister
slogan
small
Snail
Snake
snow
soil
soldier
son
song
soup
specifications
sprint
squash
Squirrel
stalk
Star
steel
storm
strawberries
strike
Student
submarine
subway
suffrage
sugar
Summit
Sunday
sunshine
superconductivity
supper
supply
surgery
suspension
sword
Synod
Tabernacle
tabloid
Taboo
tank
tax
Teacher
team
temple
tempo
tennis
Termination
thunderstorm
Thursday
Tiger
tire
today
tomatoes
tomorrow
tornado
Tortoise
tournament
trade
train
transmission
tree
tribe
trolleybus
trombone
trumpet
trunk
Tuesday
turkey
twig
typhoon
University
use
username
vegetables
Velocity
veto
violin
volcano
volleyball
Wednesday
week
welding
wheat
Wheelbarrow
wind
windshield
wireless
Witness
woman
wood
workbench
year
Yes
yesterday
acryloyloxyethyltrimethylammonium salts
Admit defeat
adolescent behaviors
adoptive mother
aircraft carrier
ambient music
Arabian Jasmine
armament regulations
artillery emplacement
assume conduct
astronomical equipment
atomic bomb
Attorney-client privilege
automobile factory
barbed wire
Be patient!
besieged city
biological mother
Black hole
blood test
booking office
brake pedal
brick wall
Bronze Age
building site
capital-intensive agriculture
chat online
chemical extraction
Chocolate mousse
clogged drain
coal mine
combat readiness
combat tank
comic strip
common ancestor
compound adhesion
concrete mixer
confectionary industry
Construction site
credit card
credit limit
Criminal case
cross-country skiing
cultivated land
cuneiform tablets
current affairs
current politics
Defense attorney
discuss religion
discus throw
District Court
diverse workforce
Downhill skiing
drippy faucet
Dump truck
educational programme
electrical engineering
Electric guitar
Electric whisk
e-mail address
engine failure
equestrian sport
eurozone leaders
Evaporated milk
Excuse me
fighter jet
fighting trench
Figure skating
first-century historian
flowering bush
flow production
following terms
foreign policy
Frying pan
full adhesion
gas mask
gas pedal
gas welding
Genghis Khan
geological epoch
get engaged
get married
Goat cheese
grassroots movement
green iguana
Green vegetables
guard dog
guerrilla warfare
gutter press
gypsum plasterboard
hand grenade
Hard hat
harvest crops
Heart attack
He writes.
high jump
Holy Trinity
Holy Week
hunting dog
Ice age
Ice climbing
ice cream
I'm off.
individual trench
interdict shipment
international intrigue
Internet access
irrigation systems
It's clearing.
It's freezing.
It's hailing.
It's thundering.
It's windy.
javelin throw
lambs bleat
latest news
Legal system
little sister
local paper
long jump
mechanical engineering
merovingian dynasty
Middle Ages
milk cow
music notes
natural agriculture
newspaper article
newspaper publisher
New Testament
non-desaturating hypopnea
Oil painting
older brother
Old Testament
orchestra pit
packing warehouse
packing washer
palm tree
Plant photosynthesis.
pole vaulting
political ideology
political stagnation
political structure
popular paper
Powdered milk
pre-Gorbachev era
Pressure cooker
professional sport
public regulator
purebred cat
ratify agreements
raw material
Red lotus
Reflective prism
Refracting telescope
replacement mayor
root system
sabotage demolitionist
seat belt
self-illuminating pixels
sesame sauce
shoulder pain
Shut up!
sick patient
single-site trunking
ski jumping
soap opera
solar energy
Solar system
spare packing
Spherical coordinates
spicy sauce
stock exchange
straw bale
stray dog
striped wallpaper
Supreme Court
surface-to-air missile
suspended ceiling
suspended scaffold
table tennis
Tax fraud
technical requirements
Tectonic motion
textile factory
Thank you
That's crazy.
The gravity
There's lightning.
to boil
to capitulate
To compromise
To fry
to grill
to peel
to roast
Trigonometric leveling
truck driver
TV guide
TV report
Twenty kilos.
ventilation pipes
Virgin Mary
water skiing
Weather forecast
White cheese
wild horse
working experience
You're welcome
A badminton player
A basketball player
A football player
air traffic controller
all-around fire trench
amateur ice skaters
an apple orchard
an art exhibition
a newspaper article
a religious sect
Are you insane?
Are you kidding?
a right-angle triangle
a sunflower seed
attack civilian targets
businesses and enterprises
Call a doctor!
central auditory disorder
central heating installations
Chronic myelogenous leukemia
claim indemnified herein
connectivity check messages
contractual capped mortgage
Court of Appeal
Cross country skiing
deliver a speech
demand a divorce
development co-operation directorate
director disqualification order
dog fighting breed
Don't be stupid.
file a protest
gastrointestinal stromal tumor
GOD BLESS YOU!
Gross Domestic Product
gypsum moulding plaster
herd of elephants
herd of horses
He speaks English.
Hi, What's up?
Hold your horse.
How are you?
How's the weather?
I like troublemakers.
I'll buy it
interior design concept
It's killing me!
It sounds right.
It was fine.
liability insurance coverage
Make yourself comfortable!
managed cloud provider
mineral resource extraction
nondisplaced skull fracture
Oh my God
painting and repairing
pasta with seafood
pull a weed
recycled bituminous concrete
scaffold with stairways
send an email
sit down strike
social networking site
Take it easy
Take your time!
teeth whitening tray
terminate the marriage
The asteroid belt
The Milky Way
The Neolithic Age
The temperature dropped.
To be convicted
To be empty-headed
To be popular
Today is Sunday.
to declare war
To fulfill something
To keep calm
To mess up
To run fast
Total amount tendered
TV news channel
ultimate tensile stress
vegetable cream soup
violate my privacy
water supply pipes
We are learning.
We need help.
What is this?
What is wrong?
What's up, dude?
What the hell?
windrowing sugar-beet harvester
win this election
work in agriculture
6-well high binding plates
Accounts Payable Department Manager
An accident has occurred.
Are you also coming?
arms race and nuclear
basic and diluted shares
Caged animals are unpredictable
Can you help me?
Core i3 or equivalent
cruciform or template sampling
data backup tape cartridges
Express and implied warranty
financial due diligence report
funds owning a stake
Have you been drunk?
He is a foreigner.
herring in tomato sauce
He speaks several languages.
high speed Internet access
I do not understand
I have a cough.
I have a headache.
I have two cats.
I'm not working today.
improvement of mutual relations
I'm staying at home.
in half a century
in the fourth century
in the peace negotiations
I read a book.
I read a word.
It doesn't disturb me.
It's going to storm.
land used for agriculture
leaders of the republic
manufacturing and processing industries
metastatic renal cell cancer
miniature gigabit media converter
My boss is stupid!
My eyes are bloodshot.
My joints are aching.
partial discharge inception voltage
produced in judicial proceedings
Rubber dipping of resin
Silly and useless things
stress in the thread
Talking over each other
Thank you very much
That is the class.
That's is totally ridiculous.
the greatest integer function
the holy catholic church
The party was awesome!
the pull of gravity
The road is icy.
These are my books.
The sun is shining.
The temperature will drop.
The typhoon has hit.
third party service provider
This tastes damn good.
to anticipate one's inheritance
To bury the hatchet.
to overthrow a dynasty
To speak with courage
treatment of congenital ichtyoses
vault over long horse
We figure it out.
What are we doing?
What temperature is it?
Where does it hurt?
where is the cat
wholesale rate for exchange
withdrawal of its troops
You are fucking good.
A disciple repairing the roads
Adjust the location of screen
a house with high ceilings
And Parliament has allowed it.
asphaltic concrete with tar hinder
atrophy of metaphyseal cancellous bone
But I don't smoke anymore.
But now we're on holiday.
By broadcasting a high-frequency transmission.
Can you also speak Portuguese?
Can you explain this theory?
commit the whole subscription amount
determined on a preliminary basis
diagnosis of medullary thyroid carcinoma
Did you get my email?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you travel a lot?
for the prevention of violence
How does this experiment work?
How long is the tour?
How much does this cost?
I always have back pain.
I am looking for Andrea.
I can understand them well.
I'd like a mineral water.
I'd like some mixed vegetables.
I have a severe migraine.
I hope it tastes good
I'm looking for a garage.
increase in immunity by infections
I need a towing service.
I would like to buy...
Let's go to the balcony.
leveraging server to server posting
Live on air and love
London is in Great Britain.
made the following statement on
Morel mushroom and tarragon sauce
My parents are so boring.
occult blood reaction test paper
Organic farming encourages crop diversity.
Please, feel right at home!
put up to hang wallpaper
request to start enforcement proceedings
Seed material is a challenge
She liked poetry and music.
small and medium sized industry
support of the peace process
The cat caught the rats.
the convicted will be prosecuted
the equation of the line
the formation of political parties
the oak tree's massive roots
The politician is a scumbag!
There's a party here tomorrow.
The room is too noisy.
The seventh day is Sunday.
The wallpaper had rolled away.
They are both my coworkers.
This artist's lifestyle is unconventional.
This is a pH probe.
To be a bit slow
To do a well-intentioned disservice
under an atmosphere of nitrogen
We can't give up now!
When does the tour end?
Where did you learn Spanish?
Where do you come from?
Where is the nearest telephone?
Yes, we've also been invited.
Your favorite sport is basketball.
According to the Book of Isaiah
A good film is playing today.
And I'm buying that fake-wood wallpaper.
an exhibition of antique children's toys
Are there any vacancies for tonight?
a voluntary safety firmware update program
Bees enable flowering plants to reproduce
Bob is in the drama club.
But she already has a boyfriend.
Can you turn off the music?
Capital cities are big and noisy.
crops still growing in the fields
detail output format selection is required
Distributors pay their fledgling entrepreneurs well.
Do both of you speak German?
double data rate firing cell circuit
Establishing corporation or limited liability company
expulsion of aliens for political reasons
Faith is enough, even for God.
for the purposes of this survey
Fuck, I didn't catch the metro!
Get the hell out of here.
He looks like a pop star!
He works in the automobile industry.
Hitler has already marched into Austria.
How much luggage can I take?
I am a damn good teacher.
I am currently reading this book.
I'd like a bottle of champagne.
I'd like a coffee with milk.
I feel like having red wine.
I have faith in their judgment.
I like that baby lion cub
I think you speak very well.
It snows or rains in winter.
LITTLE OWMADJI IS SICK WITH DIARRHEA.
mobile concrete pump with placer mast
of the age of criminal responsibility
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
provided according to the present contract
Republican Party leaders criticized President Hayes.
scraper hydraulic system testing and adjusting
She's a fan of Italian opera.
She was tipsy after the party.
shield a wattmeter from external fields
Soup kitchens stop serving at 8
The boss definitely has a girlfriend.
The dog didn't eat the meat.
The dog ran after a fox.
The drought killed all their livestock.
The earthquake is shaking the ground.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
There are cookies in the oven.
There are plants that repel insects.
There is something suspicious going on.
There's high voltage on the perimeter.
the slope-intercept form a linear equation
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
This era is called the Anthropocene
This is not a natural disaster.
Throw it over the roof beam.
to answer questions for the press
To become inspired to do something.
to be in a good spot
To be in an ideal situation
To be where one is needed
to declare a state of emergency
To get stuck in a dilemma
To have done something totally wrong
To have no idea about something
To make sure to remember something.
Tom is one of my classmates.
very high frequency omnidirectional radio range
What do you like to read?
Where can I make a call?
You can also take the bus.
1 calorie is equivalent to 4,1855 joule
220 volt is the common Norwegian voltage
a lot of pollen in the air
"And did Jesus describe himself as "God?
Are you here for the first time?
At a mosque, muslims pray every day.
a wood shingle is tapered in thickness
Clay plaster has been used since antiquity.
Compared to tigers, bears are nice animals.
Consider the complex logarithm function log z.
corn, wheat, soy beans, and other crops
Default Auto Commit setting for Query Analyzer
Does it disturb you if I smoke?
Don't expose the plant to direct sunlight.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Do you also like to eat sauerkraut?
Do you have a mobile with you?
Family plots produce root crops and vegetables.
Guarantees of marketability and suitability for purpose
He finally succeeded in getting a job.
He showed me his collection of butterflies.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
How are New Zealand's mineral exports, Murray?
How do you say this in Norwegian?
I don't remember the name right now.
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
In the autumn we were picking cotton.
I think that Tom might've run away.
It's all bound by oxygen and silicates.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
I've got a pain in my neck.
Neither is ribbon-twirling, bridge or synchronized swimming.
Pompey deployed 45,000 troops and Caesar 25,000.
PON1 can inactivate some OPs through hydrolysis.
recognition and recording of a trade receivable
rush the gates of the football ground
satellite ocean colour data recording chlorophyll production
She didn't come because she was tired.
She went shopping with him last Monday.
Specifies the Diff algorithm to be used.
Strictly speaking, a tomato is a fruit.
That's like, international front page headline news.
The cat is stuck in the tree.
The chemical formula for water is H2O.
The city was bombed by enemy planes.
The company gave out a press release.
The Internet has been acting up lately.
The jeep is pushing through the flood.
The rooms here are made of cement
The roses are blooming early this year.
The snow melted away when spring came.
The tornado is twisting across the prairie.
They are the so-called victims of war.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
To buy the cat in the bag.
To concentrate hard on not making mistakes
Tom became interested in ancient Egyptian history.
Ugh! Must I do all the work?
warranty of fitness for a particular purpose
We called it hml: hypertext markup language.
We need plants in order to live.
We need this foundation laid before noon.
What the hell are you doing here?
Which methods were used in this study?
Why don't you go to the gym?
Wilbur Ross, an entrepreneur with Russia-connected investments.
Would emoticons help convey the right feeling?
You never have to replace the battery.
A fierce battle was fought by the soldiers.
A free press is important in democratic society.
Algeria can't stop its oil and gas production.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
A lot of villagers were killed by soldiers.
And it marks the end of the harvest.
as claimed in any of the preceding claims
Bill drawn by the creditor on a bank
Cities are usually much more polluted than villages.
Common-law relationships are not legal unions in France.
Compressed air storage is typically around 60-90% efficient.
Culinary art is about finding the best ingredients.
Cyberbullies mostly have at least one common trait.
Do you have any questions about this data?
Drive until you reach the third traffic light.
Electrolyte degradation mechanisms include hydrolysis and thermal decomposition.
Eventually, he returned the sword to its sheath.
Fadil came into an inheritance from his parents.
Football is the only sport that unites people.
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
Grains are the cornerstone of the world's diet.
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
He stood under the arch of the doorway.
His new novel will come out next month.
Hungary participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017.
I am looking forward to the summer holidays!
I'd like something that won't take much time.
I have been unemployed for a long time.
Iran has the technology to shoot American drones.
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
I've been thinking about it the entire day.
I would like a guide who speaks German.
I would like a room with a bathroom.
John writes to his parents once a month.
Jubilee is a talented gymnast and in-line skater.
Kind of like a interior decorator with cobwebs.
MIT has predicted global economic collapse by 2030.
My boyfriend has a lot of female friends.
My granddaddy always told me, seatbelts save lives.
My memory card reader displays an error message.
Nanotechnology has promise to help fight global warming.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
She earns a living by selling her paintings.
Sheep are raised for their wool and meat.
She was surprised by the garden's bountiful harvest.
Since the defendant was humbly brought to justice.
Tardigrades are often found on lichens and mosses.
The Bill of Rights amended the U.S. Constitution.
The Constitution equally reiterates private ownership of land.
The current debt limit stands at $15.2 trillion.
The hurricane is blowing in from the sea.
The linear homogeneous differential equation with constant coefficients.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The major religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christian.
The ox is the male of the cow.
The principal natural isotope of aluminium is aluminium-27.
These roots come in a variety of shapes.
The snow prevented the airplane from taking off.
The thunderstorm is lighting up the dark forest.
The West Bank is under Israeli military occupation.
tilling the soil and harvesting potatoes and vegetables
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
War compelled soldiers to go to the front.
What are the main findings of this research?
Yes, this one has 8 gigabytes or ram.
You're nine points into the low frequency band.
After the Prayer after Communion, announcements may be made.
Algeria doesn't suffer regularly from any major natural disaster.
a mathematical expression where numbers are replaced with letters
Circulating hot water can be used for central heating.
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
enter a username and password to access a system
Ezekiel specified electrum, an alloy of silver and gold.
Gorgeous nanotechnology, makes NASA look like Toys 'R' US.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Graph will be shifted upward by some amount C
Having sex out of wedlock is forbidden in Islam.
He does not paint the walls but wallpapers them.
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation.
Historians have debated the exact ending of the system.
Hydrolysis involves adding a hydrogen atom onto the gel.
If you don't plant the seeds, they won't grow.
I have a Canadian friend who is a carpenter.
I haven't had anything to eat since this morning.
I'm not eating it because I must lose weight.
Is the central heating warm enough in the winter?
It is education that is key to the success.
It is very possible that he has a girlfriend.
Its all-pervading power affected everyone from king to commoner.
I would like an ice cream with whipped cream.
I would like to have a glass of water.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
Land for agriculture is Soledad's most abundant natural resource.
Last week's storm damaged many trees in our neighborhood.
Mennad went six thousand dollars into debt for that.
My dog follows me whenever I leave the room.
Nanotechnology, it's technology that operates on a nanite scale.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Or a mistrial or a judgment notwithstanding the verdict.
Postprandial hyperglycemia is a risk factor associated with diabetes.
Propylene carbonate is used as a polar, aprotic solvent.
Racing yachts are designed to emphasize performance over comfort.
Sami refused to accept the judgment of the court.
She arranged to meet him at the coffee shop.
Stir-fry the ingredients which were cut into bite-sized pieces.
Superposition works for voltage and current but not power.
The constituent quark model wavefunction for the proton is.
The court found him guilty and ordered him shot.
The flood waters tumbled my house into the river.
The intermetallic compounds tend to have poor corrosion resistance.
The mistletoe seeds are carried by a bird's beak.
The Orangerie Museum has some magnificent paintings of Monet.
There is magnetic-field interference emanating from the core materials.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
The Royal Bengal tiger represents all the terrestrial animals.
The student union is running a mizoguchi marathon tonight.
The Sunday People is a British tabloid Sunday newspaper.
The top of the mountain was covered with snow.
They have a very good curriculum at that university.
This is the first semifinal match of the afternoon.
Tom sat at the piano and played Moonlight Sonata.
Tom thinks women in America wear too much perfume.
To play a role in the execution of something
Tune image Adjust brightness, contrast, saturation, shadows, & warmth.
Unlike the 18-pounder, the 25-pounder used howitzer-type variable-charge ammunition.
Wales has over 300 species of mosses and liverworts.
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden.
We're short on sugar, flour, airtights and everything else.
"We were all simply in shock," the mother stated.
When God closes a door, he opens a window!
When q = 1, the above equation is undefined.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
You don't like living with your parents, do you?
Add boiling stock, cover, and simmer for one more minute.
A drawback to this crop is its difficulty to harvest.
A marriage is not legal unless certain declarations are made.
A scheme for large-scale harvesting of dew has been proposed.
a website with all the latest news about the economy
Bare rocks are produced when glaciers recede or volcanoes erupt.
Bees, in fact, are the preeminent pollinators of flowering plants.
Brachytheciaceae is a family of mosses from the order Hypnales.
Chimera in vitro pH and temperature level... outside optimal range.
Copper and its alloys had many varied and practical uses.
Cover and let simmer for about 15 minutes, stirring often.
Cultivation of livestock fodder can provide better soil in Ethiopia
Decided to use recycled content from cement and steel manufacturing.
Do we read this good news in the world's newspapers?
Elite soldiers are trained even harder than most special forces.
😂 Emoji Keyboard - emoji prediction to match your words.
Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
False statements and press leaks about Oswald circulate the globe.
Harvesting vanilla fruits is as labor-intensive as pollinating the blossoms.
hat kinds of plants are you growing in your garden?
He bestowed a large amount of money on the institute.
He is the very best baseball player in our school.
"He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness.
How long would it take you to paint the ceiling?
I don't think I can apply for a job anywhere.
I'm not drinking it because I don't have any sugar.
In industry, super-hydrophobic coatings are used in ultra-dry surface applications.
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
I saw my neighbor's dog running around in the yard.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
It protests against nuclear weapon tests, sea and soil pollution.
It seems that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
I want to play D&D, Are you up for it?
Levels above these limits would justify a diagnosis for diabetes.
Like the military uses camouflage to blend into their surroundings?
Many had undiagnosed conditions like multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, brain tumors.
Mexican authorities have been requested to check all construction projects...
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
No one may be compelled to belong to an association.
Outspoken neo-liberal free press publisher Giorgos Kyrtsos is equally biting.
Picasso is considered the greatest painter of the twentieth century.
Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old.
Pollen is removed from flowers deliberately or incidentally by bumblebees.
Pour the egg-cheese mixture into the pan with the bacon.
Precision agriculture is an application of breakthrough digital farming technologies.
Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times.
Spammers use these lists of addresses to send mass mailings.
The Colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements.
The concept of spiritual evolution has been taught in Buddhism.
The eigenvalues α1,..., αm are roots of the characteristic equation.
The Fars News Agency is a news agency in Iran.
The government will have to deal with the financial problem.
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus did not walk upright as habitually.
The only poisonous snake in Oregon is the western rattlesnake.
There was a storm that was gathering on the horizon.
The single-party period was followed by multiparty democracy after 1945.
The spell of drought did severe damage to the harvest.
The train was delayed on account of a heavy snow.
The village mainly supports itself through agriculture, especially rice farming.
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
They were convinced to think beyond the claims of atheism.
This message may not be displayed depending on the product.
This text had a great impact on the social networks.
Today, over 200 raw materials go into making a tire.
Tom doesn't have a credit card or a bank account.
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
Trap shooting is becoming ever more popular among younger shooters.
Use of logarithmic weighting would produce a margin of 110.6.
Vatican City uses Italian in its legislation and official communications.
What evidence is there for the Song of Solomon's canonicity?
Writing to the editor of a large newspaper, she said:
You'll see it when your laptop's power cable is unplugged.
Your pregnant body is basically a cocktail of competing hormones.
3D graphs are also supported on desktop browsers that support WebGL.
All 3rd division personnel report to the 5th division staging area.
an economic condition in which an economic recession and inflation coexist.
Annee, the court is still in session to decide your... verdict.
Apparently, IMLI also dumps its waste slag outside its factory gates.
Atlatls were some of the first tools of the Paleolithic era.
a transparent and vital liquid compound of oxygen and hydrogen, H2O
Botanically, mosses are non-vascular plants in the land plant division Bryophyta.
Brown tree snakes have almost exterminated the forest birds in Guam
But the book on which the film was based was better.
Dietary factors also influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Digital technology for language-learning is being slowly but surely set up.
Do not press any keys while the installation is in progress.
Doping is not compatible with my ideological views on the sport.
Earth's atmosphere and oceans were formed by volcanic activity and outgassing.
Financial disruptions continue to weigh upon our workers and entire communities.
Ginkgo biloba pollen spores and leaf remnants, uncommon to the area.
Having hot summer and low precipitation, most of Xinjiang is endorheic.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
He took charge of the family business after his father died.
Hinduism is the fastest-growing religion in Ireland, predominantly a Christian country.
Historians consider him among the Holy Roman Empire's greatest medieval emperors.
I employ a memory technique that gives me almost 100% retention.
If blood tests reveal a problem, physicians can take corrective measures.
If it gets hit by a wave, it transmits a signal.
I had to listen to another one of his long-winded stories.
In it flour and water were mixed and worked into dough.
I sometimes walk to work and I sometimes ride my bike.
Lagash's main temple was the E-Ninnu, dedicated to the god Ningirsu
Like an idiot I overtrained my muscles and hurt my triceps.
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Many Lutherans receive the sacrament of penance before receiving the Eucharist.
Mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts.
Modern plant breeders develop new crop varieties to meet specific conditions.
My brother doesn't play horror games because he is a wimp.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
Our house has scaffolding around it this week, due to renovations.
Please enable cookies and SSL 2.0 and clear your browser cache.
Production has increased by four times in the past ten years.
Radiation therapy is the second most common cancer treatment, after chemotherapy.
Siberian tigers have a pattern of dark stripes on orange fur.
Some of God's greatest artists and writers and musicians were religious.
The adjustment of the machinery was taken care of by engineers.
The avalanche destroyed the ski resort, but luckily, nobody was hurt.
The car that I bought was delivered to me this morning.
The chemical reaction is: Ca(OH)2 + CO2 → CaCO3 + H2O.
The chemistry industry is studying for new technologies and better modernisations.
The churchyard was brick-hard clay, as was the cemetery beside it.
The griffin is a fabulous animal half eagle and half lion.
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates.
The Internet was supposed to homogenize everyone by connecting us all.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
The Judgment was released on November 1, 2018 on Netflix streaming.
The lotus has not just a flower but also a fruit.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
The metabolic syndrome quintuples the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Pioneer Press publishes 32 local newspapers in the Chicago area.
There are a number of solutions to a high aluminium slag.
There's a leak in the roof that needs to be fixed.
The rotor bars may be made of either copper or aluminium.
The scanners are calibrated to the frequency of the mortar fragments.
The Spaniards started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
The top of the tower was special sanctuary for the god.
The wide tread and strengthened steel belts give the tyre stability.
They've got Velcro, a water pump, built-in odometer, and vanity plates.
they were then sown on three plots of four square meters.
This can be avoided by placing them horizontally on the bookshelf.
Tobacco is cultivated annually, and can be harvested in several ways.
Tom's mother died just one week before Tom graduated from college.
Type I Portland cement is known as common or general-purpose cement.
Wagonways were built in England as early as the 16th Century.
Welcome to the 10th exhibition of work of the artist Picasso.
Well, the wireless password will cost each of you 20 bucks.
● Would it be wrong to submit to a blood test?
A full web browser cache can interfere with Gmail's features and performance.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
All suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
And there's a volcano behind, which has glaciers at the very top.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
Because of the Internet, the truth prevailed and everyone knew the truth.
"Before bearing fruit, orange trees blossom with a flower called an "azahar.
But a woman should ask herself, ‘Does this style really suit me?'
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
Climatic zones are often referred to by the seasonal pattern of rainfall.
Corn kernels are used as pelletized fuel for pellet stoves and furnaces.
Finally, the matrix equation is transformed by means of a unitary matrix.
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
In comparison, SPADs operate at a bias voltage above the breakdown voltage.
In Mongolia, barns, pastures and stables are the exception, not the rule.
In the coming months, I'll try to persuade Congress to rectify that.
In Tibetan Buddhism, there is a mind training practice known as Lojong.
It is a metal alloy in which tin is the major component.
It is possible that Dods also designed the tennis court at Wyambyn.
It looks like the last page of some sort of legal disclaimer.
Louis-Philippe was sworn in as King Louis-Philippe I on 9 August 1830.
Often their clergy wear a black suit and a distinguishing clerical collar.
Oil is any of a number of nonpolar, hydrophobic, and viscous liquids.
olve this cubic equation: x³ 2x² − x − 2 = 0.
Oxford Mail is a daily tabloid newspaper in Oxford owned by Newsquest.
People with Laron syndrome have very low rates of cancer and diabetes.
Playing the keyboard is like riding a bike, you cannot unlearn it.
Reboot Chrome (completely exit and start it up again) and try again.
Reporters, correspondents, news broadcasts, and other sources inundate newspaper editors even further.
Sea cliffs dominate the peninsula's northern shore along the St. Lawrence River.
She lost her job because she announced that she converted to Islam.
So electron size goes from the bottom right to the top left.
So oxytocin is a simple and ancient molecule found only in mammals.
Sorbus vexans is a small tree or shrub, often with multiple stems.
Tebuconazole is a triazole fungicide used agriculturally to treat plant pathogenic fungi.
That lawyer is going to pick you apart in open court tomorrow.
The capacity of an alkaline battery is strongly dependent on the load.
The concept of jiva in Jainism is similar to atman in Hinduism.
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.
There is a Pile of Poo emoji represented in Unicode as U+1F4A9.
There is enough for the ecclesiastical court to render a guilty verdict.
Treatment of moderate to severe Crohn's patients who are positive for MAP
Vladimir Putin is no Adolf Hitler and Russia is no Nazi Germany.
We will be the first attacking the partisans on their own territory.
Whortleberry may refer to the berries of several plants of genus Vaccinium.
Wireless networks have made the mobile phone as commonplace as the computer.
🙎 You know, emojis are the new way to get words across.
Additionally, as carrion, reindeer may be scavenged opportunistically by foxes, hawks and ravens.
After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.
Along the same line, men are required to wear trousers covering the knees.
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
At first, wireless telegraphy could transmit neither words nor music, just Morse code.
Common leopard geckos have predators such as snakes, foxes, and other large reptiles.
Coralline algae holds together some coral reefs and is present in multiple ecosystems.
David is one of the few Islamic Prophets who received Kingship as well.
Devonian sandstone cliffs in Gauja National Park, Latvia's largest and oldest national park.
Diplomatic arguments over the region continue to mar relations between Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Good old Uncle Henry, he fertilized his crop from his own septic tank.
Grandfather, he designed the gun that changed the outcome of the Civil War.
Greece is taking radical measures to prevent a collapse of its financial system.
Guess which emoji I put next to your name on my phone 😏
Hardware acceleration in Adobe Flash Player can occasionally cause issues with video playback.
Harold's arm bicycle workout was sufficiently vigorous that his pectorals burst into flame.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
How much does it usually cost to go to a professional basketball game?
If I were you, I would stay away from that left front table.
In Bhutan, swastika motif is found in its architecture, fabric and religious ceremonies.
In June 1950 North Korea invaded the South, using Soviet tanks and weaponry.
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
It is an X-linked recessive disorder that results in defective glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase enzyme.
It is nothing more than a trivial logic gate with four input-output states.
Its ornate cathedrals, built centuries ago, are among the most famous in Christendom.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
I wish that I had stuck around long enough to meet your parents.
Maize is a major source of both grain feed and fodder for livestock.
Many ask for ćevapčići, a grilled, spicy meat roll with a tantalizing aroma.
Many fear that cuts in the defense budget will undermine the military's effectiveness.
Michel Bréal can also be credited with the invention of the marathon race.
Moose aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat.
Moroccan agricultural production also consists of orange, tomatoes, potatoes, olives, and olive oil.
n alkaline sea water hydrolysis is deemed to be the main degradation process.
Napoleon's first wife, Joséphine, Empress of the French, painted by François Gérard, 1801.
New Zealand's territorial claim in Antarctica, the Ross Dependency, also contains many glaciers.
No builder would try to erect the walls without first laying the foundation.
Office of the Vice Chairman, United States International Trade Commission, Washington, D.C., 1980-1982.
Organic agriculture is a method of growing plants (grains, legumes, fruit) without chemicals.
Phalaenopsis typically only flower once every two years, but these guys are different.
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
Put it in the oven and turn this little knob up to 350.
Regenerative agriculture is a conservation and rehabilitation approach to food and farming systems.
Sami was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole in 30 years.
She picks four pairs of jeans and takes them to the fitting room.
"She said",There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
Sikhs believe in reincarnation and karma concepts found in Buddhism, Hinduism, and Jainism.
Social networks enable men to revive their instinct of pack hunters, like hyena.
Symmetry occurs not only in geometry, but also in other branches of mathematics.
The Algerian economic crisis has had a great effect on the Algerian society.
The bryophytes, which include liverworts, hornworts and mosses, reproduce both sexually and vegetatively.
The commission was Martelly's response to widespread anti-regime protests that started in October.
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
The photon shares the all-time speed record with the neutrino and the graviton.
The pyramid's foundation would be formed by 36 piers made of special concrete.
The tiles were laid in a partly overlapping pattern, akin to roof shingles.
the value in a function equation after replacing the variable by a number
The war was essentially lost, and the German military machine was falling apart.
This film is about the importance of the balance between nature and progress.
This is a pipeline that consists of two atomic steps, XInclude and Validate.
Today, farmers use crop residues in addition to letting the animals graze freely.
Tom felt his cell phone vibrate in the inside pocket of his jacket.
To view pictures or images on your Xbox 360 console, follow these steps:
We had report of an incident involving US military at the Syrian border.
What good is a code that contains more symbols every time it's used?
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
Who stops stirring the fire after kneading the dough until it is leavened.
According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
Advances were made in irrigation and farming, using new technology such as the windmill.
Alprazolam may be used in combination with other medications for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
Also, in order to suit the occasion, they are clothed with spotless white robes.
A modern digital wattmeter samples the voltage and current thousands of times a second.
As a metaphor, the tragedy of the commons should not be taken too literally.
As an active subscriber, you'll have access to unlimited streaming music from All Access.
As a result, Gmail and other Google sites may show an Error 128 message.
A turbofan engine is the most modern variation of the basic gas turbine engine.
By the way, is there some blog or column online that you check often?
catalytic exhaust purification (chemical purification of the exhaust gases emitted by a motor vehicle)
Charring of timber results in surfaces which are fire-resistant, insect-resistant and proof against weathering.
Congo Grass can be used as both a permanent or semi-permanent grass for pastures.
During a vacation in France, a Witness from Belgium saw kindness bring unexpected results.
Emperor Napoleon III used the Palace on occasion as a stage for grand ceremonies.
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
Feng shui books topped the nonfiction best-seller lists and feng shui schools have multiplied.
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
Green algae are photosynthetic unicellular and multicellular protists that are related to land plants.
However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century.
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
If bx is to preserve the logarithm and exponent rules, then one must have.
If we bundle our cable and Internet together, we can save $14 a month.
Layla created a new e-mail address that she used to create a Facebook account.
Moth bean, a short-day crop, is one of the most drought-resistant pulses in India.
One has a working fluid, water and ammonia, and the other is a condenser.
Our AdSense account pages use SSL encryption and cookies for added security and functionality.
Our bumper sticker for this view is that this is the joy of debugging.
Participants and historians have long debated the number of Communards killed during Bloody Week.
Photosynthesis is a process where plants convert solar energy into chemical energy using chlorophyll.
Share photos, video messages, voice messages, locations, contact info, rich links, stickers and emoticons
Side effects of opioids may include itchiness, sedation, nausea, respiratory depression, constipation, and euphoria.
So the wire heated up slightly, and its 13,000 amps suddenly encountered electrical resistance.
srael is a multi-party parliamentary republic and a liberal democracy that adopts universal suffrage.
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
The alloy groups tested and approved were C11000, C51000, C70600, C26000, C75200, and C28000.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
The Communist Party emphasizes a vision of socialism as an extension of American democracy.
The construction of the dam created an artificial lake that destroyed a whole ecosystem.
The death toll is at least 15, a figure which is expected to rise.
The digital recordings of the seismic signals are analyzed in a sliding time window.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
The Irish government is stressing the urgency of parliamentary legislation to rectify the situation.
The island has a tropical climate, with most rainfall occurring between November and April.
The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
The marine iguana is a species of iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands.
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
The settlement of mosquito-infested rain-forest areas has stirred an outbreak of malaria in Brazil.
The users creates profiles and can send messages, pictures and emoticons to other users.
They farmed thirty acres and split the crop with the owner of the land.
Thin crystal structure of undercoat zinc phosphates increases adhesion quality of paint to surface.
This makes inexpensive zoom lenses hard to use in low-light conditions without a flash.
Vastly improved production methods enabled manufacturers to easily produce clothing affordable by working families.
Walt saw investors making money, so he convinced my father to invest his savings.
Within the first second, energy itself shatters into distinct forces including electromagnetism and gravity.
A good military commander sends his best soldier on a dangerous mission into enemy territory.
All content will be developed through comprehensive media interactivity with students, using only social networks.
a mathematical formula showing that two expressions are equal, e.g. 3x + 1 = 10
A mortgage is a kind of loan that people can use to buy a house.
And the cable is made out of some unholy alloy almost impossible to cut it.
Arias tested positive for a mild case of the virus, Presidential Minister Rodrigo Arias said.
Black beans improve cardiovascular health and provide high levels of antioxidants to protect against cancer.
Caesar was now the primary figure of the Roman state, enforcing and entrenching his powers.
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
Despite the fact that half the shops were typical tourist shops, the city was fantastic.
Dogs can distinguish two very similar fatty acids, extremely diluted: caprylic acid and caproic acid.
Electric mixers, blenders, and food processors should be used only when an adult is supervising.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
Fencing as a sport was introduced in Romania in the 19th century by French masters.
Followers pursue certain ways of living, or practices that are intended to nurture those experiences.
Following the prosecutor's speech, there was not much left for the Witnesses' lawyer to say.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
He puts his hands in his pockets and starts shuffling down the hall to her.
Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor.
he stems must be processed immediately after harvesting while the inner bark is still wet.
Higher quality wrenches are typically made from chromium-vanadium alloy tool steels and are often drop-forged.
However, they went straight to a bookshelf, clearly an unlikely place to hide a motorcycle!
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
I didn't like the idea that I had to confess my sins to a priest.
I expect to return to all my duties on Monday, Arias said in a statement.
If the bond dipole moments of the molecule do not cancel, the molecule is polar.
I must remind the jury it is against the rules to interact with the defendant.
India is a Hindu majority country but they also have a 100 million Muslim minority.
In laminated composites, the adhesion between layers often fails first causing the layers to separate.
In the center of our galaxy is the closest supermassive black hole known to us.
In the Cold War era, Soviet naval and air bases existed in Cuba and Vietnam.
In the last World Cup, New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico.
"Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means "western claw.
Leopard pelts, elephant ivory, tiger bones, rhino horns, and turtles are among currently banned commodities.
Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, 6 points clear of Noosa in 2nd.
Measurable precipitation falls in downtown San Jose on an average of 59 days a year.
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
Nobody can be a head coach of a soccer team without being a soccer player.
"On 15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France, the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
Reportedly, six of the eight varieties of tigers are heading in the direction of extinction.
Stainless steels contain a minimum of 11% chromium, often combined with nickel, to resist corrosion.
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
The Austrian defeat was followed by a new crisis in the health of Napoleon III.
The believer seeks a direct experience, intuition, or insight into divine reality/the deity or dieties.
The corrosion protection is primarily due to the anodic potential dissolution of zinc versus iron.
The Dharmasutras and Dharmasatras text of Hinduism describe the expectations, duties and role of Brahmins.
The frustrated tennis player smashed his racquet on the court and incurred a hefty fine.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The liturgies are organised according to the traditional liturgical year and the calendar of saints.
The president's condition is stable, though he will be isolated at home for several days.
These plants look like a small palm tree with a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
This species, while fragrant in spring, drops buds and pollen during the spring and fall.
Three neurotransmitters that play important roles in adolescent brain development are glutamate, dopamine and serotonin.
Use the Sonos Controller apps to access and play your music on your Sonos system.
Virgin have only purchased the 'good bank' of Northern Rock, not the asset management company.
Volcanic and tectonic actions in the region cause between 1,000 and 2,000 measurable earthquakes annually.
Well, at least according to Iran's semi-official (and frequently batty) news agency, Fars, they do.
What was supposed to be a targeted military operation deteriorated into wholesale slaughter of civilians.
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
Your verdict should reflect that the defendant's act of self-defense was the will of destiny.
Adhesive Vinyl is the type of vinyl used for store windows, car decals, signage, and more.
Al-Mughirah's father, Bardizbah, is the earliest known ancestor of Bukhari according to most scholars and historians.
A monocot related to lilies and grasses, yams are vigorous herbaceous vines providing an edible tuber.
Another accusation was that Gallagher's sniper work during his 2017 deployment became indiscriminate, reckless, and bloodthirsty.
A species of giant tortoise believed to be extinct was found alive in the Galapagos Islands.
Because you see, a turbo uses waste gases to force air into the engine more efficiently.
Below, you can see balls of dough and one flat, thin loaf spread out awaiting cooking.
Brain waves are just electrical impulses, so theoretically, they could be manipulated, if you knew how.
Calving glaciers are different from land terminating glaciers in the variation in velocity along their length.
Dad's got some big business venture planned, needs a loan and she holds the family fortune.
During the road test, the engine bonnet, manually-operated moveable panels and all windows shall be closed.
First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected.
From the tips of the gametophore stems or branches develop the sex organs of the mosses.
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
Health is important in understanding differences in IQ test scores and other measures of cognitive ability.
he fertilization of ginkgo seeds occurs via motile sperm, as in cycads, ferns, mosses and algae.
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
he wooden plates are lighter than the metal plates, but the paper plates are the lightest.
Historian Barbara Tuchman wrote that the industrial society had given man new powers and new pressures.
If you're experiencing errors when plotting a function, use the table below to troubleshoot the issue.
I know Tom isn't a very good basketball coach, but everybody on the team likes him.
In 2001, the number of pending cases was 1000 and defendants were sentenced in 640 cases.
In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci.
In Kerguelen-Trémarec's report to King Louis XV, he greatly overestimated the value of the Kerguelen Islands.
Innovative Satellite Technology Demonstration-1 is a mission to demonstrate various experimental devices and technology in space.
In the Netherlands, the state prosecution can appeal a not - guilty verdict at the bench.
In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
It is assigned to the U.S. Navy's Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan.
It would be impossible to enumerate all the Puerto Rican writers, actors, artists and creative people.
Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses.
Mass-production of building parts allowed for the construction of elaborate, affordable Victorian-style houses throughout the country.
Maybe you want to start a college fund, secure a loan, maybe start planning for retirement?
Monkeys, chimpanzees, and birds thrive on the many fruits and nuts available in the tree canopy.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
Most historians look at the end of the Renaissance as the start of the Price Revolution.
Natural factors can intersect to produce ideal conditions, allowing this algae to increase in number dramatically.
Nausea and/or vomiting are the main complaints in 1.6% of visits to family physicians in Australia.
NCp7 is a 55-amino acid protein that is highly basic and consists of two gag-knuckle motifs.
Only 8% wanted the evolution theory alone and only 10% wanted just the creation theory taught.
Pancakes are nothing more than quick-fried bread made of cornmeal, whole wheat flour, or buckwheat flour.
People with a good deal of money often collect paintings, rare books and other art object.
Press Enter, then navigate through the different options for a form element with the Tab key.
Reformers celebrated when Ukraine's parliament sacked Shokin on March 29, although it took far too long.
Scaffolding systems had been installed on the Secretariat Building for removal of the glass curtain wall.
Secular historians, including Josephus and Tacitus of the first century, mention Jesus as a historical figure.
Sellers of ammonium nitrate are required to call us when a large fertilizer order's been placed.
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time.
The Andromeda galaxy is expected to collide with our Milky Way in about 4.5 billion years.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
The climate in Southeast Asia is mainly tropical-hot and humid all year round with plentiful rainfall.
The development of industry has had a bad influence on the nature of the whole world.
The hyperbolic functions satisfy many identities, all of them similar in form to the trigonometric identities.
The major esters of acetic acid are commonly used as solvents for inks, paints and coatings.
The marauders stole in one corner of the battlefield while others were being shot in another.
There are different painting techniques; I particularly prefer oil paintings from Velázquez to those from Goya.
The season premiered on January 15, 2005 and ran until July 16, 2005, broadcasting 13 episodes.
The Year of the Four Emperors, 69 AD, is a remarkable page of the Roman history.
This cast is formed by inclusion or adhesion of desquamated epithelial cells of the tubule lining.
This hardy perennial plant grows to 0.7-1.5 m in height, with the stems square in cross-section.
Three carpenters worked for eight days on the interior, putting up shelves, display cases and counters.
To score a touchdown, a player must take the football into the opposite team's end zone.
To use Google Now on your iOS device, you'll need to download the Google Search app.
Treatment is primarily surgical, with chemotherapy and radiation therapy used if clear margins are not acquired.
Tropical vines and lianas are often viewed as macro-parasites of trees that reduce host tree survival.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
Unlike the closely related pea, beans are a summer crop that needs warm temperatures to grow.
1 Free ai.type Emoji - the coolest way to write your messages with a variety of 🙏🚄💑...
A 525-year-old copy of a letter by Christopher Columbus, stolen from the Vatican, was returned this week.
A common plant, often seen growing under waterfalls, in peatlands, under cliffs and in tall open forest.
Adhesion and friction forces are important considerations in nanofabrication, lubrication, device design, colloidal stabilization, and drug delivery.
After paying monthly for ten years, they paid off the loan balance in a lump sum payment.
After the practice of lynching was suppressed in central Texas, it received little attention from local historians.
Animals are made of many cells, They eat things and digest them inside, Most animals can move.
Assault guns are large-caliber artillery pieces, meant to support infantry by direct fire with high explosive ammunition.
A Triceratops could have used its strong beak to strip off the leaves before eating the trunk.
Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
Below was a little valley and beyond a long, gently-rising slope with snug farmsteads scattered along it.
Canadian research has also found that the risk of sexual misconduct increases during deployment on military operations.
Cardamom is the world's third-most expensive spice, surpassed in price per weight only by vanilla and saffron.
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect behavior.
During the last three decades, despite officially remaining a communist state, China has developed a market economy.
Ecclesiastical approval has been granted for tridua in honour of the Trinity, the Eucharist and Saint Joseph.
Endless columns of newsprint from around the world are being devoted to the need for more wat
Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs are lower.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton made that statement during a conference in Ottawa, Canada, in March 2006.
For that reason, everything you see on the TV had the borders cut, top, bottom and sides.
Froth flotation depends on the selective adhesion of air bubbles to mineral surfaces in a mineral/water slurry.
Get creative and decorate your content with 💙, 🐸, 🐒, 🍕, and all the many other emoji.
Glyphosate is effective in killing a wide variety of plants, including grasses and broadleaf and woody plants.
Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
"If visiting a formally arranged garden, collecting "specimens" is also going to get you ejected, without discussion."
In Buddhism, the vajra is the symbol of Vajrayana, one of the three major branches of Buddhism.
In geometry, a golden spiral is a logarithmic spiral whose growth factor is φ, the golden ratio.
It was thought that seaweed and plants were similar, but today they correspond to two different kingdoms.
Jorge says he knows the 35 friends he has on FB and his nine followers on Twitter.
Landaa Giraavaru is covered with dense tropical vegetation, including in particular takamakas, coconut palm trees and screwpines.
Life is like a marathon, where short-term gains and losses are not significant in and of themselves.
Like most other members of its genus, the phylogenetic position of the blacktip reef shark remains indeterminate.
No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.
Not a single atom that is in your body today was there when that event took place.
Of the seven sacraments, all Anglicans recognise Baptism and the Eucharist as being directly instituted by Christ.
Only animals have brains (though not even all animals do; jellyfish, for example, do not have brains).
On your dry cargo vessel, your cargo includes 25 tonnes of UN No. 1223 KEROSENE in packages.
Sachs criticizes excessive lobbying for interfering with democracy, and sees America's two-party system as stifling lesser parties.
Similarly, do not publish an app whose primary function is to drive affiliate traffic to a website.
Still later, the seeds were dried and roasted, mixed with the shells and made into a beverage.
Stir mixture frequently to avoid drying up the bacon; remove from stove when bacon is sufficiently browned.
Such success stories lessened the fears of change, while creating positive inclinations toward change in the future.
The era of the French Revolution and the subsequent Napoleonic wars was a difficult time for monarchs.
The fig tree hath put forth her green figs: the vines in flower yield their sweet smell.
The great Roman development in building materials was the use of hydraulic lime mortar called Roman cement.
The light bulb then needs replacing. It is necessary to be careful in replacing the light bulb.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
The showroom comprises a large, open space with plasterboard-lined walls and ceilings, and a polished concrete floor.
The solvents used in rubber cement present some hazards, including flammability and potential for abuse as inhalants.
The student-run radio station of the university, WTUL New Orleans 91.5, began broadcasting on campus in 1971.
The two enclosed stands from 1943 have been constructed using brick walls set on a concrete foundation.
The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.
Two hundred French streets, monuments and institutions commemorate the era of Napoleon, the inventor of totalitarian dictatorship.
Ukraine's 2014 presidential election was estimated to cost $215 million and Rada elections are even more expensive.
Venus also has a thin ozone layer at an altitude of 100 kilometers above the planet's surface.
When harvest occurs in season 2, there is a glut of crop x, leading to low prices.
While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
With Me on the Web, you can get notified when your personal data appears on the web.
With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain.
18 percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
After flowering, potato plants produce small green fruits that resemble green cherry tomatoes, each containing about 300 seeds.
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law.
Aluminium recycling is the process by which scrap aluminium can be reused in products after its initial production.
An artificial intelligence, procedural knowledge is one type of knowledge that can be possessed by an intelligent agent.
Another disadvantage of zoom lenses is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
A simple timber frame made of straight vertical and horizontal pieces with a common rafter roof without purlins.
A variant called N81 8GB with 8-gigabytes of internal flash memory was also announced at the same time.
Batten was ranked 190th on the 2008 400 Richest Americans list with an estimated fortune of $2.3 billion.
Benner's approach opened new perspectives on how nucleic acids work, as well as tools for diagnostics and nanotechnology.
Blockchain technology is a decentralized database that stores a registry of assets and transactions across a peer-to-peer network.
Bring the mixture to a boil, and then simmer it for about 20 minutes until the sauce thickens.
Chipsealing is cheaper than resurfacing an asphalt concrete or a Portland cement concrete pavement, but not as long-lasting.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays of Christianity, and is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Compare unidirectional mass media such as radio and television with bidirectional ones such as correspondence and the Internet.
Contemporary Roman historians provide conflicting reports as to which triumvir was most responsible for the proscriptions and killing.
Cow sharks are a shark family, the Hexanchidae, characterized by an additional pair or pairs of gill slits.
During the US presidential election of 2004, the candidate John Kerry had to hide that he spoke French.
Each temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner sanctuary that only the priests could enter.
Exponentiation occurs in many areas of mathematics and its inverse function is often referred to as the logarithm.
Foremost politicians of three nations expressed their grave concern concerning the consequences of military operations in south-eastern Ukraine.
For years, because of Rohrabacher's pro-Putin sentiments, the leaders of his party treated him like a crazy uncle.
Full access to all voice and digital transmissions generated by the very people dedicated to taking him down.
Ginkgo branches grow in length by growth of shoots with regularly spaced leaves, as seen on most trees.
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
Heavy rainfall required terraces and stone chips to drain rain water and prevent mudslides, landslides, erosion, and flooding.
he integer registers were denoted by R0 to R31 and floating-point registers were denoted by F0 to F31.
However in 991 Ethelred was faced with a Viking fleet larger than any since Guthrum's a century earlier.
However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away.
However, this shouldn't really be off your concern, because often tourists are shuffled around to fill the cars.
Ice movement is dominated by the motion of glaciers, whose activity is determined by a number of processes.
I guess I must have just been brainwashed by the media, - all those years of medical training.
In a pregnant woman, scotomata can present as a symptom of severe preeclampsia, a form of pregnancy-induced hypertension.
In Greece, the pastry is called μιλφέιγ, which is the transcription of the word mille-feuille using Greek letters.
In total, lakes and reservoirs contain 50% of the stored water, glaciers 28%, groundwater 20% and rivers 2%.
"Let's start with an explanation about Italy's plans, Italy was mainly the "little brother" of Germany and Japan."
Manufacturers use many different names to describe their implementation of the various types of variable valve timing systems.
Many exotic animals are hard to find, and parks sometimes have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes.
Mountain glaciers are widespread, especially in the Andes, the Himalayas, the Rocky Mountains, the Caucasus, and the Alps.
Multiple sclerosis could be misdiagnosed as hysterical paralysis until the CAT scan and the MRI discovered brain lesions.
My younger brother is working very hard day in and day out in order to pay the debt.
One of the candidates for the presidency of the country was attacked on the eve of the election.
One of the most common problems when trying to convert a movie to DVD format is the overscan.
On his deathbed, Hamilton asked the Episcopal Bishop of New York, Benjamin Moore, to give him holy communion.
Other software: Some programs bundle malware or other deceptive Internet software as a part of their installation process.
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
People with diabetes mellitus are at higher risk for any kind of peripheral neuropathy, including ulnar nerve entrapments.
Photosynthesis is the process whereby plant cells, using light and chlorophyll, make carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water.
Plants make oxygen which humans breathe, and they take in carbon-dioxide which humans exhale (that is, breathe out).
Plants take in carbon dioxide and water and produce oxygen and sugar as a result of this process.
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
Red tide is caused by a higher than normal concentration of Karenia brevis, a naturally-occurring single-celled marine organism.
Season with salt, pepper and a bay leaf, and add water or tomato juice, cover and let simmer.
Self-steering tractors have existed for some time now, as John Deere equipment works like a plane on autopilot.
Several different types of coatings are used on metal panels to prevent rust, provide waterproofing, or reflect heat.
Since their first use in the mid-1980s, microchips have allowed innovative investigations into numerous biological traits of animals.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine from extracts of poppy seeds and scopolamine from herbane seeds.
The actual purpose is to give those companies more control over their markets; it's all about money spinning.
The alloy of copper and nickel, called cupronickel, is used in low-denomination coins, often for the outer cladding.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a primary temple that was considered the home of the god.
The book spent 19 weeks on the New York Times best - seller list for hardcover nonfiction books.
The decision-making body is the plenary session of the Sami Parliament when other arrangements have not been made.
The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces.
Then, a few years later in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed a transit of Venus.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
The World Para Athletics Championships were held between 14-23 July 2017, with 800,000 tickets available across 16 sessions.
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
This explains why a rocket works in space but a turbine engine or a propeller does not work.
This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination.
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
When I told my father about Islam, he thought that I was being brainwashed by my Muslim girlfriend.
When people don't see moose as potentially dangerous, they may approach too closely and put themselves at risk.
With Kundalini Yoga the Kundalini energy (enlightenment energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
Zinc alloy electroplating is an electrogalvanization process for corrosion protection of metal surfaces and increasing their wear resistance.
A grape is a fruit, botanically a berry, of the deciduous woody vines of the flowering plant genus Vitis.
All models of the 8087 had a 40-pin DIP package and operated on 5 volts, consuming around 2.4 watts.
All of the East Asian commentaries are commentaries of Xuanzang's translation of the short version of the Heart Sutra.
Also in the collection is Le Rêve, the Picasso portrait that was the working name of Wynn's resort project.
AMG was not part of Mercedes-Benz when the 190 was first produced, but a separate racing and tuning company.
And when this happens, it can cause areas of very low pressure, which results in the water literally vaporizing.
An innovative method to charge the iPad and iPhone on the computer was introduced by Gigabyte in April 2010.
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
Around 1,500 species of native plants including orchids, ferns, gum trees, herbs, lilies, grasses and rushes, originate within AMLR.
As a result, two fish species have become extinct, and two others have become endangered, including the humpback chub.
A triceratops' teeth would have been able to crush not only leaves but even very tough branches and roots.
A tropical garden features tropical plants and requires good rainfall or a decent irrigation or sprinkler system for watering.
A variety of alloys are used as filler metals for brazing depending on the intended use or application method.
Beyond the door, Couse installed black and white marble tiles in the entrance hall that are still in use.
Both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples from pets that died after consuming contaminated pet food.
Building a cathedral required enormous quantities of stone, as well as timber for the scaffolding and iron for reinforcement.
Carbon concentration in cement spans from ≈5% in cement structures to ≈8% in the case of roads in cement.
Concrete bricks are available in many colours and as an engineering brick made with sulfate-resisting Portland cement or equivalent.
Cyber bullying is rampant on social media and many teenagers attempt or commit suicide as a result of it.
Each show would also provide recommendations for books that children should look for when they went to their library.
Expansion of the capacity of the Tribunal at the pre-trial, trial chamber and appeals chamber levels requires urgent attention
Facebook and text messages have emerged as key evidence in the trial of a man for raping a student.
Fallow is a farming technique in which arable land is left without sowing for one or more vegetative cycles.
For over a thousand years the Christian religion had bound European states together despite differences in language and customs.
Fuhrman asserts that the police and the prosecution made other errors that reduced the chances of a guilty verdict.
Furthermore, in addition to the advantages mentioned above, other useful and significant information can also be collected by microchips.
Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.
Greek Orthodox Churches are united in communion with each other, as well as with the other Eastern Orthodox Churches.
Hexanucleotide GGGGCC repeat sequences in the C9orf72 gene are a common cause of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia.
If you are a little short on some of these points, vacation pioneering may aid you to develop them.
In general, farmers only apply micronutrients when crops show deficiency symptoms, while micronutrient deficiencies decrease yields before symptoms appear.
In January 1993, a front-page story in The Detroit News detailed a massive scandal in the House Fiscal Agency.
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged.
Introduced in Wave 17, Chia Emoji are Chia Heads constructed of glossy yellow spheres with painted emoticons on them.
Keep an eye on crash reports and user reviews, to make sure users like new functionality in your app.
Kerala's temple festivals are very interesting to see, with regular procession of decorated elephants, temple orchestra and other festivities.
Large quantities of presumably nontoxic petroleum oil by-products are introduced into the environment as pesticide dispersal agents and emulsifiers.
Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Leading a force of fifty Delaware infantrymen, and an artillery captain with a howitzer, Laurens rode toward Chehaw Point.
Many neurotransmitters are affected when the body is under the increased stress and anxiety that accompany a panic attack.
Many writers, including Thomas Jefferson, supported and legitimized African colonization by arguing that tropical climates made the people uncivilized.
Modern row crop tractors have rollover protection systems in the form of a reinforced cab or a roll bar.
Murdock, you better go back to the village and see if you can find us a place to sleep.
My parents cut me a generous check to help me get out from under all my credit card debt.
Napoleon's educational reforms laid the foundation of a modern system of education in France and throughout much of Europe.
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
"One of the panes finally broke, and they started to get out by the window", said survivor Franciszek Kowal.
Organic weed management promotes weed suppression, rather than weed elimination, by enhancing crop competition and phytotoxic effects on weeds.
"Plants look their best when in a natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove even "just one" specimen."
Robotics and autonomy has been a growing concern for heavy equipment manufacturers with manufacturers beginning research and technology acquisition.
Sikhs consider their faith to be a separate religion from Hinduism though they acknowledge its Hindu roots and traditions.
Software-defined radios like cognitive radio use artificial intelligence to employ underutilized portions of the electromagnetic spectrum without human intervention.
Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
Studies and analysis may indicate that the greater hazard comes from hydrothermal activity which occurs independently of volcanic activity.
Textile technology, programmable materials, nanotechnology, biotechnology, those technologies, along with automation can create sustainability and would also replace labour.
The Amazon is home to much of Brazil's indigenous population and thousands of species of mammals, birds and reptiles.
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
The D-Day landings and the following battles had freed the north of France, but the south still wasn't free.
The industrial system is profoundly dependent on commercial television and could not exist in its present form without it.
The invention relates to a method and a device for converting hydrocarbon gas into stable liquid synthetic petroleum products.
The pilot controls the roll of the plane by raising one aileron or the other with a control wheel.
There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned.
The Russian victory over the French Army in 1812 was a significant blow to Napoleon's ambitions of European dominance.
The use of abstraction in computer programming allows us to create and understand the behavior of very complex software.
They have finished eating the customary Passover meal, consisting of roasted lamb, bitter greens, unleavened bread, and red wine.
Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees.
We may have bluffed them with a few extra trimmings but it was within the spirit of the game.
"When asked what the father said, she answered "He couldn't say a thing - he just stood there blinking.
When my home had an extension built I only had this room fitted with soundproofing and an internal lock.
While visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts covering the knees and have their shoulders covered, too.
Your Honor, while this case is marked for trial, in fact, the defendant would like to accept a plea.
You will also find grilled fish, beef, and chicken served with sauces made from okra, peanut butter, or tomatoes.
52 cards make up the most commonly used pack or deck, which is divided into four suits of 13 cards.
Accuracy and finish will become more important than high rates of metal removal for 95 percent of all machining operations.
Agricultural lands now account for only thirteen hectares of the total land area due to residential, commercial and industrial conversions.
a hydrogen or halogen atom or an akyl radical, alkoxy, amino, -NH-CO-NH-Ar, N=CH¿-? N(alk)alk', nitro, cyano, phenyl, imidazolyl, acylamino, SO¿3
Another method uses egg whites, beaten stiff, with the yolks and sugar folded back in, and optionally vanilla extract added.
Artificial intelligence can now collect information from social media and the internet to help designers understand what the public likes.
A small garden sprinkled over with a scattered eruption of sickly plants separated each of these houses from the street.
Assured of the support of Napoleon III, Count Cavour began to prepare the army of Piedmont-Sardinia for war against Austria.
ASTM provides standards for paint adhesion testing which provides qualitative measures for paints and coatings resistance to delamination from substrates.
A Walnut Whip is a whirl-shaped cone of milk chocolate with a whipped vanilla fondant filling, topped with a half-walnut.
Because of the difference in climate, the same crop is not cultivated in the North and East of the country.
Danish pastry is made of yeast-leavened dough of wheat flour, milk, eggs, sugar, and large amounts of butter or margarine.
Earlier generations did not have technology that delivered gratification or disappointment as immediately as digital delivery of information does today.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment, The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
For almost a century the production and export of sheep wool was the basis of the economy of the country.
For example, the husband may desire to go one place for a vacation, and his wife may have another preference.
For the first time since the Korean war, battle ready American ground troops are setting foot on the Asian mainland.
he logarithmic integral has an integral representation defined for all positive real numbers x ≠ 1 by the definite integral.
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
Historians often refer to the period from the Qin dynasty to the end of the Qing dynasty as Imperial China.
If you are using a griddle, the eggplant can be cooked right on top of it, much like a pancake.
ike AutoCAD's 'rotate by reference' command. With Angle spinner you can set the custom angle while rotating about chosen point.
In early 1942, tests began on the feasibility of mounting a 105 mm howitzer into the turret of the Sherman.
In principle the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
IS THERE ANY WAY THAT I CAN DEFER TUITION UNTIL I CAN FIGURE OUT SOME WAY TO GET A LOAN?
It may be the sun, the moon, a star, a mountain, a river, an animal, a man, or an organization.
Jesus Christ was an eyewitness of the events he described, having existed in heaven prior to his life on earth.
Live trees are typically grown as a crop and replanted in rotation after cutting, often providing suitable habitat for wildlife.
Most Non-Self-Governing Territories were small islands at risk from natural disaster and environmental phenomena such as coastal erosion and drought.
News articles in English and French were distributed via the associated e-mail news service to more than 50,000 subscribers worldwide.
Now, in your grand jury testimony, you state that you visited the defendant's penthouse on November 6th of last year.
Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
Other symptoms include diarrhea or constipation, chronic fatigue, nausea and vomiting, headaches, low-grade fevers, heavy and/or irregular periods, and hypoglycemia.
Poetic diction can include rhetorical devices such as simile and metaphor, as well as tones of voice, such as irony.
Scholars in Alexandria are credited with great works on geometry, trigonometry, and astronomy, as well as language, literature, and medicine.
Since conservatives in the Republican Party denounced Theodore Roosevelt as a radical, they were allowed to choose the vice-presidential candidate.
Since deployment, the first two carriers of the class have run into problems with the plumbing of the waste system.
Some current uses in biomedical applications include creating flexible sensors, modifying nanoporous membranes, polymer ALD, and creating thin biocompatible coatings.
Student loan debt rose from $600 billion a decade ago to more than $1.4 trillion by the end of 2018.
The Arabs also brought Islam to the lands, and it took in a big way in the Comoros and Mayotte.
The building housed a number of pilgrims who came to visit the holy city at the eve of hajj pilgrimage.
The farmers want their damaged irrigation canals repaired today; their harvest cannot be delayed until a final agreement is reached.
"The first constitution in 1918 had stated that "the right to religious and anti-religious propaganda is recognized for all citizens.
The liquidity of her phrasing in the second movement of Scriabin's Sonata No. 2 eerily evoked the sound of woodwinds.
The most common types of plaster mainly contain either gypsum, lime, or cement, but all work in a similar way.
The new method uses X-ray technology and light imaging to help save images badly damaged by the effects of age.
Then reduce the heat, and let the mixture simmer, stirring once in a while so that it will cook evenly.
The proposal particularly affects the aluminium sulphate and phosphate industries, which produce more than one hundred thousand tonnes per year.
There are certain characteristics of adolescent development that are more rooted in culture than in human biology or cognitive structures.
The religion was founded in the 15th century by Guru Nanak (1469-1539). There followed in succession a further nine gurus.
There were a lot of teachers from Australia and New Zealand at the English conversation school I went to previously.
The two players in the lead earned the same number of points, so the competition will go into a tiebreaker.
The US announces it is expanding its war effort in the Middle East and planning an increase in military deployment.
The world famous Hungarian painter Mihály Munkácsy's Christ Trilogy includes the paintings entitled Christ before Pilate, Golgotha and Ecce Homo.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
Very severe hypothyroidism and myxedema coma are rare, with it estimated to occur in 0.22 per million people a year.
Your app must not display any ads that attempt to mimic or represent any system function or user interface component.
You see, even though aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth by mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
ABViewer is multifunctional software for working with AutoCAD DWG, DXF, PLT, STEP, IGES, STL and other 2D and 3D CAD files.
Acai is the fruit of a palm tree that grows only in the wild, in the northern rain forest of Brazil.
A compression fitting is a fitting used in plumbing and electrical conduit systems to join two tubes or thin-walled pipes together.
After hundreds of hours of operation the filament in the bulb eventually burns out and the light bulb no longer works.
Although nanotechnology is the subject of significant experimentation, much of the data are not stored in standardized formats or broadly accessible.
And the bacteria also have a receptor on their cell surface that fits like a lock and key with that molecule.
Apparently, in some toad species, to have a protuberance on their backs was more advantages than to have a smooth back.
Archeologists have discovered more than 40 mummies at a burial site dating to the Ptolemaic era, according to the antiquities ministry.
"Attention Deficit Disorder "is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy.
Between the latitudes of 3 °S-15 °S in Peru the last volcanic activity occurred 2.7 million years ago in Cordillera Blanca.
By the end of the Napoleonic Wars the Royal Navy had in place a sophisticated convoy system to protect merchant ships.
DeLillo has stated that Libra is not a nonfiction novel due to its inclusion of fictional characters and speculative plot elements.
Digital certificates are electronic files that work like an online password to verify the identity of a user or a computer.
Do not allow people to put their hands into the drinking water or to drink directly from the water storage container.
Earth's natural ability to pollinate crops, provide air conditioning by wild plants, and recycle nutrients by the oceans is being overtaxed.
Following the harvest, the vines continue the process of photosynthesis, creating carbohydrate reserves to store in the vine's roots and trunks.
From the beginning of the European colonization of the Americas, Europeans often removed native peoples from lands they wished to occupy.
Furthermore, the clergy's power in northern Europe is almost spent, while in some other lands, the government strictly curtails their influence.
He played his junior rugby league for the Valley Dragons and South Tuggeranong Knights before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
Human-interest stories are also presented/published in other forms of media such as digital media; consisting of websites and social media networks.
If I had a machine that could trigger an earthquake in an otherwise geologically stable area, where would I position it?
I mean, this is not a problem that you can just table in subcommittee and move on to the next motion.
Income tax is structured differently in different countries, and the tax rates and brackets vary widely from one country to another.
In Costa Rica, where arboreal monkeys use it to travel from treetop to treetop, it is known as the monkey ladder.
In regions where bile products are a popular ingredient in traditional medicine, the use of bears in bile-farming has been widespread.
International actors such as Bruce Lee were given screen tests to demonstrate that they are sufficiently articulate in the relevant language.
Larger mammals include carnivores pumas, jaguars, ocelots, rare bush dogs, and foxes, and herbivores peccaries, tapirs, anteaters, sloths, opossums, and armadillos.
Like the trees in a forest these giant algae provide food and shelter for the many organisms dependent on these plants.
Many of the traditions surrounding the holiday have been adopted also by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
Mysticism is the pursuit of communion with, identity with, or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality, divinity, spiritual truth, or God.
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.
Of the living felid species, the lion is rivaled only by the tiger in length, weight and height at the shoulder.
One time while I was in gym class, she stole all my clothes and left an elf costume in my locker.
OS X 10.9 Mavericks introduced a dedicated emoji input palette in most text input boxes using the key combination ⌘ Command+Ctrl+Space.
Pola is mainly a farmer's festival, wherein farmers respect their bulls and oxen, to thank them for their support in farming.
Popular CAD platforms used for generating shop drawings are Advance Steel, AutoCAD, Revit, CATIA, Creo Elements/Pro, Inventor, Solidworks and Tekla Structures.
Prior to the 2015 Contest, Hungary had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twelve times since their first entry in 1994.
PVA is used in a variety of medical applications because of its biocompatibility, low tendency for protein adhesion, and low toxicity.
Roman Catholic doctrine states that for a valid Eucharist, the bread to be used at Mass must be made from wheat.
Sheehan was awarded the 1988 National Book Award for Nonfiction and the 1989 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction for the book.
Since 1993, the headquarters of the International Association of Athletics Federations, the world governing body of athletics, is located in Monaco.
So you can then map function onto structure, and then find out what the circuitry's doing to generate that particular function.
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
The hotel is a castle with seventy-seven rooms, all of which have an en suite shower, a telephone and cable television.
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states.
The Mitsubishi 4B4 engine is the newest all-alloy inline four-cylinder engines from Mitsubishi Motors, based on the 4A9 engine from 2004.
The net charge on an ion is equal to the number of protons in the ion minus the number of electrons.
The philosophy of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius can be found in a collection of personal writings known as the Meditations.
There are of course Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it may well be a pre-Christian Spring and Fertility ritual.
The scope and scale of Spanish participation in imperialism within the Caribbean basin remains a subject of scholarly debate among historians.
These non-monetary preferences were calibrated by simultaneously asking respondents to score a hand-pump borehole and a well-known type of pit latrine.
The transport of building materials was facilitated by scaffolding and a steam crane that lifted the material to the construction site.
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
This has allowed zoom lenses to produce pictures of a quality comparable to that achieved by lenses with fixed focal length.
Unlike television, print, and radio, social-media platforms like Facebook or Twitter are self-regulating - and are not very good at it.
We relinquish control of yaw, but roll, pitch and acceleration can still be controlled with algorithms that exploit this new configuration.
When a court of law finds a defendant guilty, it has to be based on credible evidence obtained through legal procedures.
When applied to the expectation value of an observable, the corresponding equation is given by Ehrenfest's theorem, and takes the form.
A 2017 SBU report found evidence that workplace exposure to silica dust, engine exhaust or welding fumes is associated with heart disease.
According to this scenario, the environmental disaster would be rounded out by global acid rain and the destruction of the ozone layer.
A cement is a binder, a substance used for construction that sets, hardens, and adheres to other materials to bind them together.
After a rainbow flag emoji with an interdictory sign over it appeared on Twitter, several users accused Apple of encouraging anti-LGBT attitudes.
After the A-bomb, specialists said it would take 75 years for the radiation-damaged soil of Hiroshima City to ever grow anything again.
Along with dingoes, introduced species such as foxes, feral cats, and both domestic and feral dogs, pose a threat to kangaroo populations.
An eared seal or otariid or otary is any member of the marine mammal family Otariidae, one of three groupings of pinnipeds.
Apart from the fever and a sore throat, I feel well and in good shape to carry out my work by telecommuting.
a process in which organisms use sugar and oxygen (O2) to make carbon dioxide (CO2) and water (H2O); the opposite of fotosyntese
Asphalt shingles is the most used roofing material in North America, making up as much as 75% of all steep slope roofs.
As the first objective, you define the format for displaying cost of goods sold information about a manufactured item or production order.
As the Representative for the heart of Silicon Valley, Honda has been intimately involved in technology and nanotechnology policy for many years.
As with increasing numbers of other animal species, leatherback turtles are endangered by the ravages of a polluted environment and human greed.
As with most members of the genus, the Eastern Woodrat feeds opportunistically on nuts, seeds, fungi, buds, stems, roots, foliage, and fruits.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2019, the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Hard Rock or Heavy Metal Album.
Caffeine is toxic to birds and to dogs and cats, and has a pronounced adverse effect on mollusks, various insects, and spiders.
Camp Watonka has two tennis courts, a basketball court, a hockey court, a volleyball court, a softball field and a soccer field.
Corms are solid enlarged underground stems that store nutrients in their fleshy and solid stem tissue and are surrounded by papery leaves.
Externally attached microchips such as RFID ear tags are commonly used to identify farm and ranch animals, with the exception of horses.
Following the meme's popularization on Twitter and Reddit, many media publications wrote articles discussing the phenomenon, while warning against eating Tide Pods.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
Fully trained carpenters and joiners will often move into related trades such as shop fitting, scaffolding, bench joinery, maintenance and system installation.
Further divergence among historians can be attributed to varying theoretical perspectives regarding imperialism that are proposed by emerging academic schools of thought.
Hills, cliffs, and slopes that contain fuller's earth can be unstable, since this material can be thixotropic when saturated by heavy rainfall.
His discovery was that all bodies generate a gravitational force just like the one that makes an apple fall to the ground
In 2010, while nationalised, the current high street bank Northern Rock plc was split from the 'bad bank', Northern Rock (Asset Management).
It is the most active volcanic centre in the South Aegean Volcanic Arc, though what remains today is chiefly a water-filled caldera.
Lay the strips of meat (or other ingredients if you prefer) on the pancake and pour on the rest of the batter.
Luckily nothing happened to me, but I saw a macabre scene, as people tried to break windows in order to get out.
Many people like a cheeseburger (a hamburger topped with a slice of cheddar cheese), or a toasted cheese, bacon and tomato sandwich.
Most instances of acute overdosage result in only sedation, hypotension and tachycardia, but cardiac arrhythmia, coma and death have occurred in adults.
Much of the lower slopes are mantled by thick deposits of glacial till or boulder clay dating from the last Ice Age.
Not all lichens are equally sensitive to air pollutants, so different lichen species show different levels of sensitivity to specific atmospheric pollutants.
Online and social media also allow Gen Zers to shut out the outside world and live within online communities and echo chambers.
Our partners still offer Google TV-enabled HDTVs and boxes that have the core functionality of Chromecast plus a rich, interactive Android experience.
Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
Research on nausea and vomiting has relied on using animal models to mimic the anatomy and neuropharmacologic features of the human body.
Some Apple emoji are very similar to the SoftBank standard, since SoftBank was the first Japanese network on which the iPhone launched.
Strength of adhesive contacts is determined by the work of adhesion which is also called relative surface energy of two contacting bodies.
Such perceptions are often not correct, but are driven by inadequate information about the projects or the proper channels to execute them.
The character is a Sicilian-American vigilante who employs murder, kidnapping, extortion, coercion, threats of violence, and torture in his campaign against crime.
The distinctive spices that give eggnog its characteristic taste, including cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla, are used to create eggnog-flavoured foods and beverages.
The Fiji Bati qualified for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup held in Australia after finishing second in Pacific qualifying behind Tonga.
The literature states that inquiry requires multiple cognitive processes and variables, such as causality and co-occurrence that enrich with age and experience.
Try changing the location of your temporary directory to see if this fixes the issue: Go to the Start menu > Run.
Using the ideal gas law to replace p with nRT/V, and replacing ρ with nM/V, the equation for an ideal gas becomes.
Westminter is alive with speculation today, as the government decides on a new leader to take them forward into the general election.
Why is it unreasonable to give way to extreme worry about food and clothing and to begin to slacken in spiritual pursuits?
Yet cyberbullies - usually acting anonymously - have a tendency to go after women who speak up about sexual violence or rape.
Your next rendezvous with the potatoes was when you were called to the dinner table-perhaps a plateful of baked potatoes, steaming hot.
Zeidora antarctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
Above this temperature, the equilibrium quickly becomes quite unfavorable for the reaction product at atmospheric pressure, according to the van 't Hoff equation.
According to the U.S. Forest Service, Shoshone National Forest has the greatest number of glaciers of any National Forest in the Rocky Mountains.
Additionally officially recognized non-Muslim minorities are allowed to produce alcoholic beverages for their own consumption and for religious rites such as the Eucharist.
After the brief legal discourse given above, we can say that the current Georgian legislation contains the relevant legal base to combat terrorism.
Another couple with a strong desire to serve where the need for Kingdom preachers was greater were Tom and Ann Cooke from England.
Australian researchers are looking to Africa and the Middle East for drought- and heat-resistant crops as many grain farmers face another failed season.
Buddhism warns that as this level is similar to the concept of one's ego, being controlled by this consciousness can lead to insecurity.
By such means the Vietnamese soldiers succeeded in making a devastating strike against the fighting spirit of the powerful American military machine's troops.
Christian denominations differ in their understanding of whether they may celebrate the Eucharist with those with whom they are not in full communion.
Depending on the temperature at which it is applied, asphalt is categorized as hot mix, warm mix, half warm mix, or cold mix.
During summer, regions of Mediterranean climate are strongly influenced by the subtropical ridge which keeps atmospheric conditions very dry with minimal cloud coverage.
Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment.
For example, why is it that the mitochondria in every cell has its own DNA, totally separate from the DNA in the nucleus?
Fortunately, there are also those who are creating a new world by taking care of the other, even out of their own pockets.
IBM produces and sells computer hardware, middleware and software, and provides hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology.
Ickis makes front page news when a photographer snaps his picture and now he must retrieve every copy before the Gromble finds out.
I have already notified the leaders of your government and instructed them to make plans to scrap their navy and immobilize their army.
In addition to these industrial applications, superhydrophobic coatings have potential uses in vehicle windshields to prevent rain droplets from clinging to the glass.
In various sports, a professional foul is a deliberate act of foul play intended to bring about an advantage for the perpetrator's team.
I was curious about the identity of this strange man who was dressed in a suit and carried a bag full of books.
Kaká tore his left adductor muscle during his first competitive appearance, deciding not to accept any wages from Milan whilst he regained fitness.
Large-scale web server hacker attacks, such as the 1996 PHF CGI exploit, lead to the investigation into security models to protect web applications.
Lawrence's school activities included cheerleading, softball, field hockey and basketball, which she played on a boys' team that was coached by her father.
lso known as root sprouts, suckers are plant stems that arise from buds on the base of parent plants stems or on roots.
More than 90% of people who go on a diet and dip below their body's natural weight will eventually gain that weight back.
"Now users can choose from a set of six emoticons that Facebook calls "reactions" to express love, laughter, joy, shock, grief and anger."
One popular dish is called ocopa -boiled potatoes with a cream sauce made of ground, toasted nuts, hot peppers, fresh cheese and spices.
Other sports practised at the club are artistic roller skating, basketball, field hockey, futsal, handball, martial arts, roller hockey, swimming, tennis, and volleyball.
Over the past year, the government has engineered the takeover of privately-owned media and other organizations by appointing government-approved trustees to run them.
Plasterers often use gypsum plaster to simulate the appearance of surfaces of wood, stone, or metal, on movie and theatrical sets for example.
Research suggests that misdemeanor drunk driving offenses, but not felony drunk driving offenses, are related to county-based closing times for on-premises licensed venues.
Self-monitoring is useful for students from preschool to adulthood and can be taught to individuals at a variety of levels of cognitive functioning.
Thanks to the Internet, the world is beginning to turn away from the centralization of resources and power that characterized the Industrial Revolution.
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual fertiliser cargo and initially officials feared the vessel could spill a load.
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
The Athletics baseball franchise played in the city from 1955, after moving from Philadelphia, to 1967, when the team relocated to Oakland, California.
The city is holy to the three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and serves as a spiritual, religious, and cultural center.
The combination of pigments from various murex sea snails could produce shades and colors ranging from royal purple to blue to crimson red.
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming.
The first basic military map symbols began to be used by western armies in the decades following the end of the Napoleonic Wars.
The humid subtropical climate exists in large areas of north-eastern Spain, mostly in the northern half of Catalonia and the province of Huesca.
The hydrolysis of ATP into ADP and inorganic phosphate releases 30.5 kJ/mol of enthalpy, with a change in free energy of 3.4 kJ/mol.
The insurgency was ignored by televised media until their viewers read about it on the Internet and began to sympathize with the rebels.
Their manipulation is so tuned and defined it is their way of life and pushes the edge of sociopathic behavior and delusional need.
The name comes from a French Missouri type of construction, maison en boulin, boulin being a French term for a horizontal scaffolding support.
The new technology in these super telescopes will produce images 10 times sharper than those from the Hubble, even though they are ground-based.
The northern river shark appears to be extremely rare, though more subpopulations may remain to be discovered in Australia and Papua New Guinea.
The Northern Rock bank had been nationalised in 2008 following the revelation that the company had received emergency support from the UK Government.
The player kept the ball high, out of reach, so that his opponents found it hard to stop him without commiting a foul.
There are a total of 138 state elephant corridors, 28 interstate corridors and 17 international state corridors where Indian elephant populations are found.
There is concern that patients may continue to infect more people by going through their daily routines if the flu symptoms remain mild.
The song would have represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020, after Ben Dolic was internally selected by the national broadcaster NDR.
The species is an erect or straggling shrub with wiry stems which usually grows to a height of between 1 and 2 metres.
They made their way on to the stage and, striking matches, though they still collided with the hydraulic press, searched the whole stage.
Toppling the French colonization in Algeria seemed almost impossible but it was achieved thanks to the independence war fought between 1954 and 1962.
Wasps, bumble-bees, or other insects may build their nests inside a nest box intended for other animals, and may exclude the intended species.
Actually, this may sound a little strange, but we had a dinner party the other night and Jeff brought over some of your brownies...
AkzoNobel is a leading coatings company whose key products include automotive coatings, specialised equipment for the car repair and transportation market and marine coatings
An aneurysm may be detected incidentally on brain imaging; this presents a conundrum, as all treatments for cerebral aneurysms are associated with potential complications.
And under the microscope, you can see hundreds of these brown staining blood vessels, capillaries that are feeding cancer cells, bringing oxygen and nutrients.
As a result of the rushed construction, a scaffolding collapsed on a group of workers on November 17, 1981, two months before the deadline.
As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
As in the lost Titanomachy, for the Latin poets Virgil and Ovid, Briareus was also an enemy of the gods, rather than an ally.
As in the other Abrahamic religions, God is believed to communicate with his creation via revelations given to prophets to remind people of God.
A speed square, also called a rafter square, rafter angle square, and triangle square, is a multi-purpose triangular carpenters' tool use for marking out.
Attack operations are the most basic role of the infantry, and along with defence, form the main stances of the infantry on the battlefield.
Black rhinos have fared better than other rhino species in recent years, but remain threatened by poachers who kill the animals for their horns.
Both foxes and Eurasian badgers compete with raccoon dogs for food, and have been known to kill them if raccoon dogs enter their burrows.
Credited with creating a more intimate, confessional form of media communication, Winfrey popularized and revolutionized the tabloid talk show genre pioneered by Phil Donahue.
During nearly eight years of war, Iran suffered an estimated 400,000 deaths -more battle deaths than the United States had during World War II!
During the 1976 selections he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.
For the first time, last year China exported more cars than Germany and surpassed the United States as the biggest market for this industry.
Grasses are unusual in that the meristem is near the bottom of the plant; hence, grasses can quickly recover from cropping at the top.
He graduated from the College of Arts & Sciences of the University of Virginia in 1950 and was a significant donor to that institution.
In this project, we therefore look at fodder crops as part of a rotation, where they grow some fodder crops and some field crops
It begins to melt below the boiling point of water and does not drive off the oily contaminants for which it is a sponge.
Lambert and Varkle screened actors who could balance vulnerability with volatility, ultimately settling on Zachary Ray Sherman, who gained 45 kilos for the role.
Lucas's ego made him sign his own paintings, but his pocketbook forced him to forge Goya's name over his own, increasing the price enormously.
Most phosphate coatings serve as a surface preparation for further coating and/or painting, a function they perform effectively, with excellent adhesion and electric isolation.
No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
Nowadays, when mass media has already done away with any limits, it seems that one's head has shrunk to the size of an iPhone.
People would bring sacrifices to the gods and the priests would try to attend to the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Portland pozzolan cement includes fly ash cement, since fly ash is a pozzolan, but also includes cements made from other natural or artificial pozzolans.
Prostrate aerial stems, called runners or stolons, are important vegetative reproduction organs in some species, such as the strawberry, numerous grasses, and some ferns.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
Saul and his grandmother stay and camp, but once cold weather starts, his grandmother decides they must continue their trek towards their ancestral lands.
Should we be less diligent when, in most cases, all we have to do is reach out and take it down from a bookshelf?
Suicidal behavior is prominent among people with AjD of all ages, and up to one-fifth of adolescent suicide victims may have an adjustment disorder.
Supersulfated cements contain about 80% ground granulated blast furnace slag, 15% gypsum or anhydrite and a little Portland clinker or lime as an activator.
The Act created two partial defences-diminished responsibility and suicide pact-to murder which, if satisfied, reduce a charge of murder to a charge of manslaughter.
The choice of timber was forced by the weak viaduct on which the station is situated; anything heavier could have compromised its structural strength.
The differential equation is also invariant under a change from ℓ to −ℓ − 1, and the functions for negative ℓ are defined by.
The Finance Ministry may exceed its 1 trillion ruble OFZ target for the year as it tries to plug the budget deficit, he said.
The harvest of sea turtles and their eggs for food or any other domestic or commercial use constitutes a widespread threat to the species.
The law also regulates, in a non-discriminate manner, matters with regard to alimony and compensation for potential or actual damages resulting from the divorce.
The PLA started the development of an anti-ballistic and anti-satellite system in the 1960s, code named Project 640, including ground-based lasers and anti-satellite missiles.
The Republicans had nominated one of Forrest's battle adversaries, Union war hero Ulysses S. Grant, for the Presidency at their convention held in October.
The series was nominated for three Daytime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Animated Program in 2001, 2002 and 2003, but did not win any.
The water in the sea was thought to come from the Earth's volcanoes, starting 4 billion years ago, released by degassing from molten rock.
Two days after her death, the tabloid newspaper Santa Monica Observer spread a fake story rumouring that she had died of a fentanyl overdose.
Unless you are a diplomat, working overseas generally means that you will have to file income tax in the country you are based in.
Villarrica, with its lava of basaltic-andesitic composition, is one of only five volcanoes worldwide known to have an active lava lake within its crater.
We make our houses from plants and make clothes from plants. Most foods that we eat are plants. Without plants, animals could not survive.
With the arrival of a naval squadron under Admiral Boscawen, carrying troops and artillery, the British went on the offensive, laying siege to Pondichéry.
Yang is one of more than a dozen people running as a Democrat for a chance at the White House in the 2020 election.
About 80% of the Venusian surface is covered by smooth, volcanic plains, consisting of 70% plains with wrinkle ridges and 10% smooth or lobate plains.
After inoculation by the vector, the virus travels via lymphatics to lymph nodes, and replicates in macrophages and neutrophils, resulting in lymphopenia, leukopenia, and fever.
Alternatively, picotechnology is used by some researchers in nanotechnology to refer to the fabrication of structures where atoms and devices are positioned with sub-nanometre accuracy.
And even if you are not used to eating your soup without cutlery, you might find that this can be a delicious and delightful experience.
And hemoglobin acts as a molecular sponge to soak up the oxygen in your lungs and then carry it to other parts of the body.
An explosion of social media has given ordinary people more ways to express themselves, and has raised people's expectations for those of us in power.
Apparently, they got an anonymous phone call someone saying you've been picking the pockets of the Smithsonian since the day they made you department head.
Arterial ultrasound, especially of the carotid arteries, with measurement of the thickness of the artery wall, offers a way to partially track the disease progression.
Because downgrading to HTTP does not allow the DCP to use SPDY and other protocol-level enhancements, this will incur a performance penalty for the user.
Before Spanish colonization, the Andean region of Bolivia was part of the Inca Empire, while the northern and eastern lowlands were inhabited by independent tribes.
Bluetooth is a standard wire-replacement communications protocol primarily designed for low power consumption, with a short range based on low-cost transceiver microchips in each device.
Crockett studies behavioral neuroscience, with a particular focus on the role of neurotransmitters on decision-making, for example studying how antidepressants effect negotiations in experimental settings.
Depending on the quality of the coffee, it may take as much as eight sacks of cherries to produce just one sack of roasted coffee.
Dirofilaria repens is a filarial nematode that affects dogs and other carnivores such as cats, wolves, coyotes, foxes, and sea lions, as well as muskrats.
Dishes included roasted, grilled, or boiled beef, mutton, gazelle, fish, and poultry -all served with spicy garlic sauces and an assortment of vegetables and cheeses.
Dr. Lee also expressed his concern about reports that children in Turkey have now become infected with the A(H5N1) avian influenza virus without becoming ill.
Fertilizers are used to provide crops with additional sources of nutrients, such as Nitrogen, Phosphorus, and Potassium, that promote plant growth and increase crop yields.
Following the Napoleonic Wars, many Spanish colonies in the Western Hemisphere had become independent, shifting the economic dependence of Guam from Mexico to the Philippines.
For items that require two-way or three-way matching, the prices on the invoice line are within the tolerances that are defined in Microsoft Dynamics AX.
GERRI, an acronym for geriatric evaluation by relative's rating instrument, is a diagnostic tool for rating cognitive function, social function and mood in geriatric patients.
In August 2017, Trump pardoned former sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was awaiting sentencing for contempt of court in a class-action lawsuit that alleged racial profiling.
Initially, most animals were diurnal, but adaptations that allowed some animals to become nocturnal is what helped contribute to the success of many, especially mammals.
In May 2018, Dolezal was charged with second-degree perjury and felony theft by welfare fraud by the Washington State Department of Social and Health Services.
In the early 1990s, there were a number of digital smileys and emoticons that were used in fonts, pictograms, graphical representations, and even welcome messages.
In the German states east of Prussia Napoleon abolished many of the old or medieval relics, such as dissolving the Holy Roman Empire in 1806.
It was a joint venture between Fox Networks Group Asia Pacific, Fox International Channels, TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company and Northern Star Productions as network providers.
Military historians continue to pay attention to his battlefield tactics and maneuvering, though many think he should have designed better strategic plans for the Confederacy.
Most of the interior walls are of brick with a smooth plaster finish and most rooms have simple cornices and a high, narrow picture rail.
Most of the temple festivals is celebrated as part of temple's anniversary or presiding deity's birthday or any other major event associated with the temple.
Most of the temples do have an Annual festival starting from November end to Mid of May, which varies according to each temple's annual calendar.
Moving to the other end of the scale, our ancestors never had to navigate through the cosmos at speeds close to the speed of light.
Nadia, born on September 17, 2007, by Cesarean section at a maternity clinic in Aleisk, Russia, weighed in at a massive 17 pounds 1 ounce.
Nothing remains of the buildings today other than concrete foundation components, as the entire site was bulldozed two weeks after the end of the siege.
Of course, a basic problem with this is that any change of character brought about behind bars may vanish once the prisoner has been released.
Painting and gluing aluminium is especially important in the aircraft industry, which uses toxic zinc chromate primers and chromating to add the necessary adhesion properties.
Shortly following Biden's withdrawal from the presidential race, Obama privately told him he was interested in finding an important place for Biden in his administration.
Slovenia is distinguished by an exceptionally wide variety of habitats, due to the contact of geological units and biogeographical regions, and due to human influences.
Soil salination is the accumulation of free salts to such an extent that it leads to degradation of the agricultural value of soils and vegetation.
So it comes as no surprise that Russians have their own version of the pancake - блины, which is a staple with a long history.
Such sexual contact between Moore and a 14-year-old would have been a felony under Alabama law, and punishable by up to ten years in prison.
The café liégeois generally consists of two scoops of coffee ice cream and one scoop of vanilla ice cream, together with chantilly cream and coffee.
The Commander in your dream is the only one who will dare to rise from the trench, under fire, and lead soldiers in the attack.
The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
The FARC-EP also mention in the communique that Simón Trinidad's extradition, would be a serious obstacle to reaching a prisoner exchange agreement with the government.
The feast day of Saint John in the Catholic Church, Anglican Communion, and the Lutheran Calendar, is on 27 December, the third day of Christmastide.
The final version of Valve's high-dynamic-range technology adds a significant number of lighting effects to the engine, aimed at making the game appear more realistic.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
There are multiple reasons for the use of the microchips on pets as a documentation device, which are also advantages of microchips regarding information collection.
There are therefore several factors that would cause a discrepancy between the statistics you register in your logs and those listed in your AdSense account.
The requirements for the robot state that it can be piloted by a human or operate autonomously and plot its own route through artificial intelligence.
The Roman expansion brought the defeat of the Allobrogi in 121 BC and during the Gallic Wars in 58 BC Julius Caesar overcame the Helvetii.
These cicadas are not simply decorative; they add a profound metaphor, transcendent musical motif and a liminal aspect to the dialogue of Socrates and Phaedrus.
The sugar can be used in cake recipes or on pancakes or fruit, and the salt is used in cooking or as a table condiment.
The TerraMax UVG package is designed to be integrated into any tactical wheeled vehicle, and is fully incorporated into the brakes, steering, engine and transmission.
The Yellowstone Caldera is a volcanic caldera and supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park in the Western United States, sometimes referred to as the Yellowstone Supervolcano.
Today, the first day of filming, the actors are dressed normally for the ceremony organised by the producer, Paulo Branco, and by the Portuguese authorities.
Tom and his wife, who took care of Tom's elderly mother, were disturbed by her excursions into their bedroom in the middle of the night.
Twitter suspended Reynolds' account, but restored it shortly after and told him to delete the tweet in order to be allowed to use Twitter again.
Volcanism at Yellowstone is relatively recent, with calderas that were created during large eruptions that took place 2.1 million, 1.3 million, and 630,000 years ago.
We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.
While most Egyptians may support Morsi's aims, a dramatic expansion of presidential power in order to attain them was, for many, a step too far.
Why not start off with a set of simple napkin rings for Aunt Lilly, a key fob for Dad, or a plaque for the wall?
According to guidelines, taking aspirin or clopidogrel is recommended to reduce MI, stroke, and other causes of vascular death in people with symptomatic peripheral artery disease.
A core concept in modern psychiatry since DSM-III was released in 1980, is the categorical separation of mood disorders from schizophrenia, known as the Kraepelinian dichotomy.
After cutting down a swath of rainforest, soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they cannot sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock.
A number of acute and chronic infections including Chlamydophila pneumoniae, influenza, Helicobacter pylori, and Porphyromonas gingivalis among others have been linked to atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction.
A pie with a flaky crust filled with spinach, cheese, tomatoes, and onions or with a variety of other vegetable or meat fillings is called byrek.
a poetic city, to do partly with its history, with its geography, with its climate, perhaps, with its architecture, with its paintings, with, for example, alchemy.
A positive-displacement pump must not operate against a closed valve on the discharge side of the pump, because it has no shutoff head like centrifugal pumps.
At the end of each World Cup, awards are presented to select players and teams for accomplishments other than their final team positions in the tournament.
Besides active games, there are also some other types of games which also refer to sports, among them chess, backgammon, billiards, air hockey, bowling and others.
Chinese historians in later periods were accustomed to the notion of one dynasty succeeding another, but the political situation in early China was much more complicated.
Early depictions of wolves in heraldry tend to be somewhat ambiguous in appearance, and can be confused with other heraldic creatures such as lynxes and foxes.
Even if a person has negative skin-prick, intradermal and blood tests for allergies, she may still have allergic rhinitis, from a local allergy in the nose.
Finci said that the point was to create an efficient and impartial civil service that will remain constant even when a new government comes to power.
From 23 December 1995 through 22 March 1996 Admiral Kuznetsov made her first 90-day Mediterranean deployment with 13 Su-33, 2 Su-25 UTG, and 11 helicopters aboard.
Garrison objected to the colonization scheme because rather than eliminating slavery, the key goal was to remove free black people from America, thereby avoiding slave rebellions.
Hemingway had intended to write a nonfiction book about bullfighting, but then decided that the week's experiences had presented him with enough material for a novel.
In fact, econometric research has proved that if the process of declaring bankruptcy takes less time and less money, more new firms will enter the market.
In fact, this gut instinct is reflected in one of the most fundamental laws of physics, the second law of thermodynamics, or the law of entropy.
In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
In many cases, a child or adolescent may have no intent to cause any harm to another child, and they act merely on a passing impulse.
In September 2012, Gray's physician Daniel Baldi was charged with involuntary manslaughter relating to Gray's death, as well as the deaths of at least seven others.
I preferred wearing my Hawaiian T-shirt and green shorts to be cool and different, but I quickly got used to the white shirt and black slacks.
It is an absurdist construct, and the novel functions as a satiric portrait of the dysfunctional Russian landowner society that eventually fell in the 1917 revolution.
It sometimes contains higher levels of nutrients such as nitrogen, phosphorus and oxygen which may somewhat help fertilize garden and agricultural plants when used for irrigation.
It was beautiful in the country, it was summer-time; the wheat was yellow, the oats were green, the hay was stacked up in the green meadow.
Japanese bureaucrats are nothing but traitors to the country who covet our tax money and will continue the practice of amakudari until the country is bankrupt.
Mankind's prosperity -even his continued existence- is threatened by a population explosion, a pollution problem, and a vast, international stockpile of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons.
Richard Feynman compared the accuracy of quantum theories - experimental predictions - to specifying the width of North America to within one hair's breadth of accuracy.
Sikhism is a religion from the Indian sub-continent. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a sectarian split within the Hindu tradition.
Some manufacturers claim that the electrical devices they produce can affect the interaction of minerals with water so that the minerals do not bind to surfaces.
The alloy of 76% gold, 19% copper, and 5% aluminium yields a yellow color; the alloy of 76% gold, 18% copper and 6% aluminium is pink.
The British Parliament has two houses too: the House of Lords and the House of Commons, whereas Congress has the Senate and the House of Representatives.
The clause can be counter productive since experience shows that inclusion of a penalty clause in a bidding document often increases the prices offered by vendors.
The Council of Ministers expects military engagement in peace operations in keeping with the UN Charter to meet with positive reactions from the EU and NATO.
The most expensive wines made from Riesling are late harvest dessert wines, produced by letting the grapes hang on the vines well past normal picking time.
"The second season episode of Supernatural "No Exit" portrays Holmes as a vengeful spirit kidnapping women from an apartment building erected next door to Moyamensing Prison."
The tale told by The Wife of Bath in Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales is one of the most prominent examples of the loathly lady motif.
The town has an underground sewage system, covering about 40% of the town area, that collects domestic waste and conveys it to septic tanks for disposal.
The trial ended with the jury finding the followers of Howell not guilty, but the jury members were unable to agree on a verdict for Howell.
The use of tephra layers, which bear their own unique chemistry and character, as temporal marker horizons in archaeological and geological sites, is known as tephrochronology.
Tom was looking forward to watching the football match he had recorded at home, and he was angry when he overheard someone mention the final score.
Traditional feijoada, an adaptation of a Portuguese dish, is a stew made of a mixture of meats and black beans, served with rice and collard greens.
Until now, AOL has been able to move and develop the IM market at its own pace, due to its widespread use within the United States.
We did not include an event's total prize money, or any season-long competitions that do not end in a playoff tournament, like the Barclays Premier League.
Agriculture in Tamil Nadu has faced a thunder like hit since the low rainfall had left the crops and agricultural lands with no water for irrigation purposes.
A hydraulic tappet, also known as a hydraulic valve lifter or hydraulic lash adjuster, is a device for maintaining zero valve clearance in an internal combustion engine.
At the mention hearing, the Adjudicator will check if the parties have complied with the previous directions and may also give further directions in preparation for trial.
Bagels are now a popular bread product in North America and Poland, especially in cities with a large Jewish population, many with alternative ways of making them.
Bribery is the act of receiving or soliciting of any items or services of value to influence the actions of a party with public or legal obligations.
Catch and kill is a covert technique - usually employed by tabloid newspapers - to prevent an individual from publicly revealing information damaging to a third party.
Decoction is a method of extraction by boiling herbal or plant material to dissolve the chemicals of the material, which may include stems, roots, bark and rhizomes.
Elasmosaurus is known from the Sharon Springs Member of the Campanian-age Upper Cretaceous Pierre Shale formation of western Kansas, which dates to about 80.5 million years ago.
Eucalyptus seedlings are usually unable to compete with the indigenous grasses, but after a fire when the grass cover has been removed, a seed-bed may be created.
Evans was released from prison, reaching the date for release on the early release scheme, without misbehaviour nor an adverse Probation Service report, on 17 October 2014.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
Grain offerings could be in the form of fine flour, roasted grain, or ring-shaped cakes or wafers that were baked, griddle cooked, or from the deep-fat kettle.
Having risked hepatitis and HIV by allowing your skin to be pierced with needles, you then perform an unhygienic procedure on yourself, which leads to an infection.
He created the nuclear bomb, a weapon that leveled parts of Japan, and, frankly, could still end the world if the devices got into the wrong hands.
Historians have interpreted the widespread presence of castles across Europe in the 11th and 12th centuries as evidence that warfare was common, and usually between local lords.
I heard my body is a topic of conversation so I wanted to say, I'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too.
III Corps was to command the attack by the 5th Division and the 71st Brigade, with support from three balloon companies for artillery-observation and a fighter group.
IN 1975, a year when some scientists were envisioning the eventual end to all diseases, more people in the United States died from cancer than ever before.
In August 2017, Trump pardoned former sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was awaiting sentencing for contempt of court in a class - action lawsuit that alleged racial profiling.
In February 27, 2019, PM Narendra Modi launched the Khelo India App at the Youth Indian Parliament in Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi to promote sports and fitness.
In many settings, some amounts of oxygen, water, or other substances may be present, so that combustion, hydrolysis, or other chemical processes may occur besides pyrolysis proper.
In the case of the people of Oregon versus Donald Nidaria on the charge of murder in the first degree, we find the defendant Donald Nidaria guilty.
In this connection, in view of the interrelatedness of terrorism and other transnational crimes, Indonesia is in the final phases of adopting an anti money laundering legislation.
It took him quite a fumbling time to get her luggage checks, to lose them in his pockets, to find them and pick up the wrong pieces.
It will be important to use the main global channel to help drive viewers to your local channels using video metadata, channel descriptions, and featured channel programming.
Jordans use oats which are grown by Conservation Grade farmers around Britain who are paid a premium to create nature-friendly habitats on 10% of their farmed land.
Military historians of the Zulu War must also be considered for their description of Zulu fighting methods and tactics, including authors like Ian Knight and Robert Edgerton.
Most software you buy directly from Microsoft Store as a digital download, like Office, Windows, and Xbox games, can be downloaded, installed, or reinstalled in order history.
On 4 April 2020, it was announced that Faithfull was in hospital in London receiving treatment for pneumonia after having tested positive for the novel virus, COVID-19.
On March 21, 2017, a copyright infringement lawsuit was filed against Disney by Esplanade Productions, a company owned by Gary L. Goldman, the co-screenwriter of Total Recall.
Passiflora, known also as the passion flowers or passion vines, is a genus of about 550 species of flowering plants, the type genus of the family Passifloraceae.
Puerto Rico advanced the finals again in 2017, falling to the United States 8-0 in earning their second consecutive silver medal, and only loss of the tournament.
She became one of the World Bank's three managing directors last year, after apparently being forced out as Indonesia's finance minister for doing too good a job.
Smiling can help reduce the level of stress-enhancing hormones like cortisol, adrenaline and dopamine, increase the level of mood-enhancing hormones like endorphin and reduce overall blood pressure.
Tempering is a heat treatment technique applied to ferrous alloys, such as steel or cast iron, to achieve greater toughness by decreasing the hardness of the alloy.
The 13th century Persian poet Rumi, is considered one of the most influential figures of Sufism, as well as one of the greatest poets of all time.
The 2nd Army's command structure fell apart as Bagration was removed from the battlefield and the report of his being hit quickly spread and caused morale collapse.
The basic hull of the M8 is made of welded aluminum alloy, with a modular armoring system that allows the vehicle to be equipped according to requirements.
The energy used by human cells in an adult requires the hydrolysis of 100 to 150 moles of ATP daily, which is around 50 to 75 kg.
The house was a large solid red brick structure, sprawling lengthwise rather than upwards, with rather too many gables, and a vast number of leaded paned windows.
The law of 22 July 1912 transformed the system by putting juvenile courts into place, along with an absolute presumption of non-responsibility for minors 13 and under.
The plot of the musical Cats revolves around a tribe of cats vying to go to the Heaviside Layer, which is used as a metaphor for rebirth.
The US Department of Health and Human Services estimates that 68% of child support cases had arrears owed in 2003, a 15% increase from 53% in 1999.
The work was funded by a $25,000 bequest by Newark businessman Amos Hoagland Van Horn, who also funded Borglum's Wars of America monument, also located in Newark.
This media environment makes it important for us to be able to recognize reliable information, true information gives us the facts to guide our decisions and actions.
Thus in an emergency your body's stress response may save your life, such as when it makes you leap out of the way of an oncoming car.
UCL sports facilities include a fitness centre at the main UCL campus in Bloomsbury, a sports centre in Somers Town and a 90-acre athletics ground in Shenley.
Using manure as a fertilizer risks contaminating food with animal gut bacteria, including pathogenic strains of E. coli that have caused fatal poisoning from eating organic food.
1865 marked the abolition of slavery with the creation of the 13th Amendment and although many people were now free they were still being restricted in some ways.
A 12-pounder gun on a limited recoil carriage for naval landing forces was submitted to the US Army Ordnance Department in fiscal year 1895; it was not adopted.
A host of subjects has been used by the nations on the face of the cards -such things as horsemen, elephants, hawks, bells, flowers, birds and many others.
All that is left of Missouri Row is a four-sided concrete fireplace surrounded by pieces of foundation, a few sets of stairs, metal plumbing, and a retaining wall.
Although many skilled tradesmen from the region volunteer their labor at every building site, members of the local congregation make up the bulk of the volunteer labor force.
Because nanotechnology is a recent development, the health and safety effects of exposures to nanomaterials, and what levels of exposure may be acceptable, are subjects of ongoing research.
Bernoulli's imaginary logarithmic utility function and Gabriel Cramer's U=W1/2 function were conceived at the time not for a theory of demand but to solve the St. Petersburg's game.
Eurasians domesticated goats and sheep for hides, clothing, and cheese; cows for milk; bullocks for tillage of fields and transport; and benign animals such as pigs and chickens.
Even though short text strings might be a problem, sentiment analysis within microblogging has shown that Twitter can be seen as a valid online indicator of political sentiment.
Ferdinand II had named Ferdinand as his heir in his will before being persuaded to revoke this bequest and rename Joanna and Charles I as his heirs-presumptive instead.
From the indictment by the grand jury of the County Court of Erie County for first-degree murder in State of New York v. Leon Czolgosz, September 16, 1901.
Gooden was again arrested in March 2006 for violating his probation, after he arrived high on cocaine at a scheduled meeting with his probation officer, David R. Stec.
He also stressed that each government session devotes at least two hours to the European agenda and a special session on the EU is held once a month.
In 1807, Britain introduced a series of trade restrictions via the Orders in Council to impede neutral trade with France, which Britain was fighting in the Napoleonic Wars.
In 2011, J&J settled litigation brought by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and paid around $70 million in disgorgement and fines.
In December 2016 (the last month for which Russia's Federal State Statistics Service has data), total wage arrears amounted to 2.7 billion rubles (roughly $46.4 million in USD).
In October 2019, Elon Musk publicly tested the Starlink network by using an internet connection routed through the network to post a tweet to social media site Twitter.
It starts with a framework system where when the surgeon delivers the lecture using a framework of captioning technology, we then add another technology to do video conferencing.
Of course, not all newspapers and TV programmes report the events objectively, but serious journalists and TV reporters try to be fair and provide us with reliable information.
One French variation adds egg yolk for pommes duchesse or Duchess potatoes; piped through a pastry tube into wavy ribbons and rosettes, brushed with butter and lightly browned.
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted. All of us, regardless of party, should be throwing ourselves into the task of rebuilding our democratic institutions.
Our guide tells us that oak barrels are used mainly in the production of still wines, whereas smaller metal barrels are used in the preparation of sparkling wines.
▪ Oxyhemoglobin saturation - Measurement of the level of oxygen in the blood vessels determined by means of a device called an oximeter, attached to the patient's finger.
Pursuant to the Refugee Law [L.6 (I)/2000, as amended], an applicant has the right to have a lawyer or legal advisor during all stages of the asylum procedure.
Smart motors have less maintenance cost as compare to traditional motors due to control units which monitors the performance of motors in a process such as production process.
The 1977 Australian Schoolboys Rugby Union tour of Great Britain would see the first of three times Lewis would make undefeated tours of Britain with Australian national teams.
The above table does not reflect uncertain tax positions of $8.4 million, the timing of which are uncertain except for $3.3 million that may become payable during 2017.
The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest, where an alliance of Germanic tribes defeated 3 Roman legions in 9 A.D., was one of the Roman Empire's most humiliating defeats.
The court tried the case, found that Li's conduct amounted to illegal demonstration and sentenced her, under article 296 of the Chinese Penal Code, to 18 months' imprisonment.
The custom of taking afternoon tea with bread or pastry was also common in some continental European areas, though such customs are not widely known in English-speaking countries.
The founders of the United States fell back on the Magna Carta when framing their constitution so as to include fundamental rights for the protection of all citizens.
The hay came down like a mountain slope to the other end of the barn, and there was a level place as yet unfilled with the new crop.
The larvae travel by capillaries to various organs, such as the retina, myocardium, or lymph nodes; however, only larvae that migrate to skeletal muscle cells survive and encyst.
The officer in charge sat down at the table right next to the papers, which I had hastily covered with a cloth when I heard the car stop.
"The reasons for the Cold War had seemingly evaporated with the end of ideological confrontation, in a new era of universal tolerance, democracy, and the "end of history.
The roof is made using trusses, or wooden support beams called vigas, that rest on the wooden shoes or the tin can walls placed on the bond beams.
The second plant is Mother-in-law's Tongue, which is again a very common plant, and we call it a bedroom plant, because it converts CO2 into oxygen at night.
The thresher shark mainly feeds on pelagic schooling fish such as bluefish, juvenile tuna, and mackerel, which they are known to follow into shallow waters, squid and cuttlefish.
The Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but were extended by the mahayana path of love and by a lot of techniques from Indian Yoga.
To make a complicated story short, he ran into New Age ideologues who made insipid claims about black and white magic embedded in the grammar of this language.
Wall linings in the rooms along the north-west side of the hall retain some original wide beaded boards, while other areas have v-jointed boards or fibre cement sheeting.
While the top one percent has amassed a bigger share of wealth and income, too many families, in inner cities and in rural counties, have been left behind.
Wire transfer from your account to Joanna Webster's, phone records with Joanna Webster prior to her testimony, and an affidavit stating you paid Ms. Webster to falsely testify.
With the question of the king's fate now occupying public discourse, Robespierre delivered on 3 December a speech that would define the rhetoric and course of Louis's trial.
According to the Erdős-Pósa theorem, the size of a minimum feedback vertex set is within a logarithmic factor of the maximum number of vertex-disjoint cycles in the given graph.
A discrepant or unequal pulse between left and right radial artery is observed in anomalous or aberrant course of artery, coarctation of aorta, aortitis, dissecting aneurysm, peripheral embolism etc.
At one time, according to this record, great saber-toothed tigers stalked their prey in Europe, horses larger than any now living roamed North America, and mammoths foraged in Siberia.
During World War II and the Nazi-allied Independent State of Croatia regime which controlled the country, the paper served as the primary media publication of the Yugoslav Partisans movement.
First, never to be intoxicated when he hath made the best bargain, nor dejected when the market is empty, or when its commodities are too dear for his purchase.
In 1967, on the second anniversary of his death, Eliot was commemorated by the placement of a large stone in the floor of Poets' Corner in London's Westminster Abbey.
In the Silver Age, recusatio was used by poets to write epics but to avoid the subject of emperors themselves by disclaiming their ability to write of imperial deeds.
In the vineyard, the antepenultimate event is the harvest in which the grapes are removed from the vine and transported to the winery to begin the wine making process.
It has long been accused of collaborating with the military regime that governed Brazil from 1964 to 1985, by even lending its cars to the police at that time.
It houses around 450 independent and innovative startups and businesses, with 260 located at Symbion, 120 located at Univate, 20 located at Creators Floor and 50 located at COBIS.
It is simply asking Putin to do what he promised to do but has never delivered, starting with a lasting ceasefire and withdrawal of foreign forces and heavy weapons.
On 10 November 2016, the then Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das announced a new ₹20 banknote would be released in the Mahatma Gandhi New Series in the coming months.
Prem has already reduced his herd of cattle from five to three, selling two cows to raise money to buy the fertilizer and pesticides he needs to keep farming.
Providing anti-tank missiles to the Free Syrian Army did not change Syria's or Russia's calculus, but rather prolonged the demise of the FSA at the hands of Assad's forces.
Researchers at the University of Wisconsin in the United States have linked stressful events like separation from parents in early childhood to illnesses such as asthma, arthritis, and leukemia.
Research moves into the early adolescent period when youths are old enough to say they are going steady and is useful in actually characterizing the nature of these relationships.
Respiratory therapists are also primary clinicians in conducting tests to measure lung function and teaching people to manage asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder among other cardiac and lung functions.
Sledgehammers are used in construction demolition, in mining, in driving fence posts into the ground and in driving the spikes that secure the rails to the wooden railway ties.
Spanish imperialism in the colonial era corresponds with the rise and decline of the Spanish Empire, conventionally recognized as emerging in 1402 with the conquest of the Canary Islands.
The common chameleon is insectivorous, capturing insects by stealth and the rapid extension of its long tongue which has a terminal pad which grasps and adheres to the prey.
The likely course and outcome of mental disorders vary and are dependent on numerous factors related to the disorder itself, the individual as a whole, and the social environment.
The progression from Bible reading, to meditation, to loving respect for God, was first formally described by Guigo II, a Carthusian monk who died in the late 13th century.
The retreat of the Mendenhall Glacier and other glaciers in the area is believed by some to be a result of broader retreat and breakup of the Juneau Icefield.
When a prepubescent child is sexually abused by one or more other children or adolescent youths, and no adult is directly involved, it is defined as child-on-child sexual abuse.
A bad harvest, or the prospect of one, would double the price of corn in a few weeks; and the promise of a good yield would lower it as rapidly.
Another example is Magna Carta, an English charter issued in 1215, which required the King to renounce certain rights and accept that his will could be bound by the law.
Anyone found guilty of high treason may not sit in Parliament until she or he has either completed the term of imprisonment or received a full pardon from the Crown.
As of 2008, the TCDD administers the Ankara Railway Factory, Sivas Concrete Sleeper factory, Afyon Concrete Sleeper factory, Behiçbey rail welding and track machinery repair factory and Çankırı Switch factory.
As prey animals, pigs' natural instinctive behavior causes them to have a strong fear of being picked up, but they will usually calm down once placed back onto the ground.
Breach of the regulations by an employer, controller of work premises or occupier of a factory is a crime, punishable on summary conviction or on indictment with an unlimited fine.
In his 1979 book From Rebellion to Revolution, Genovese depicted a change in slave rebellions from attempts to win freedom to an effort to overthrow slavery as a social system.
In June 1995, Kehoe and an accomplice kidnapped and robbed Malcolm and Jill Friedman, a couple believed to be Jewish, who owned a store at which Kehoe was once employed.
Insurance companies have to fight from time to tome with fraudsters, who - due to a merely feigned whiplash following a car accident - demand damages for pain and suffering.
She took the book from the bookshelf, handed it to Grace, and asked if she would read it for her so that she could find out what it was about.
The center of Tibetan meditation is the Deity Yoga. Through the visualization of various deities the energy channels are cleaned, the chakras are activated and the enlightenment consciousness is created.
The Housing Council is a not - for - profit organization established in 1992, since when it has provided soft housing loans to low - and middle - income households.
The pollen wall protects the sperm while the pollen grain is moving from the anther to the stigma; it protects the vital genetic material from drying out and solar radiation.
The supporting structure of a roof usually comprises beams that are long and of strong, fairly rigid material such as timber, and since the mid-19th century, cast iron or steel.
Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colorless block of offices that takes its place, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
"After the match, King of Clay said, "I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events, I am here to try to win this.
As a result of this pressure, Poroshenko vetoed the watered-down version of the law and sent it back to parliament with changes needed to bring it in line with EU requirements.
As manslaughter is not defined by legislation in Australia, common law decisions provide the basis for determining whether an act resulting in death amounts to manslaughter by unlawful and dangerous act.
At its peak, Tropical Cyclone Gonu, named for a bag of palm leaves in the language of the Maldives, reached sustained winds of 240 kilometers an hour (149 miles per hour).
During World War II and the Nazi - allied Independent State of Croatia regime which controlled the country, the paper served as the primary media publication of the Yugoslav Partisans movement.
Greenland was settled sparsely. In the Norse sagas they say that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder, and when travelling further west, found Greenland and named it Greenland.
In 1624,Dutch East India Company establishes a base in southwestern Taiwan, initiating a transformation in aboriginal grain production practices and employing Chinese laborers to work on its rice and sugar plantations.
More traditional churches often hold an Easter Vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregations often breaking into celebration at the stroke of midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection.
One of the main Christian tenets is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that the monetary funds of the church are there specifically for that reason.
One reason to avoid cars and public transportation is that, with the costs mentioned above, some of you could not afford all the expenses, so they must be reduced when possible.
One who allows his or her alimony obligations to go into arrears, where there is an ability to pay, may be found in contempt of court and be sent to jail.
Other low-church Anglicans believe in the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist but deny that the presence of Christ is carnal or is necessarily localised in the bread and wine.
The blade on a modern ice skate has a double edge with a concave hollow between them. The two edges allow for a better grasp of the ice, even when tilted.
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world
Additionally, silicone compounds such as silicone rubber are used as coatings and sealants for airbags; the high strength of silicone rubber makes it an optimal adhesive and sealant for high impact airbags.
At night, I put my bell pepper plants at the open window, so they can harden off a bit before I plant them outside, cause now they still have such thin stems.
he Eurovision Song Contest 2017 took place at the International Exhibition Centre in Kiev, Ukraine and consisted of two semi-finals on 9 and 11 May and the final on 13 May 2017.
If you disagree with my articles, then by all means feel free to go to Ukraine and conduct interviews with people whose views you consider more important to the issues at hand.
Imazapyr is a non-selective herbicide used for the control of a broad range of weeds including terrestrial annual and perennial grasses and broadleaved herbs, woody species, and riparian and emergent aquatic species.
Lack of fusion is the poor adhesion of the weld bead to the base metal; incomplete penetration is a weld bead that does not start at the root of the weld groove.
System Requirements 15MB of available disk space Windows XP Service Pack 2 or newer, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 1GHz processor 512MB RAM OS X 10.6.8 minimum Intel Core 2 Duo processor
The central authority of the church had been in Rome for over a thousand years and this concentration of power and money led many to question whether this tenet was being met.
Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W.
In the hall, as he was putting on his overcoat, that was so like a child's pelisse, he fumbled long in his pockets to find a tip for me, but found nothing there.
It's like a two-stroke engine, but it's really weird, because if you want to go in reverse, you press the key and when you do the ignition, the solenoid drops to the back.
Tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62). KV62 may be the most famous of the tombs in the Valley, the scene of Howard Carter's 1922 discovery of the almost intact royal burial of the young king.
A C-clamp or G-clamp or G-cramp is a type of clamp device typically used to hold a wood or metal work piece, and often used in, but are not limited to, carpentry and welding.
At the time of Cromwell's appointment the pay of the Irish army was eight months in arrears, and £180,000, owing from the English exchequer, was necessary to clear the engagements of the Irish government.
Both the apparent and absolute magnitude scales are logarithmic units: one whole number difference in magnitude is equal to a brightness variation of about 2.5 times (the fifth root of 100 or approximately 2.512).
Buffalo and elephants, varieties smaller than their counterparts in the African savanna, inhabit the dense jungle, but perhaps the most outstanding animal of the forest is the gorilla, whose numbers are dwindling throughout Africa.
Burke has opposed any hypothetical change of church doctrine that would permit civilly divorced Catholics who are validly married to remarry or receive the Eucharist once they have entered into a second civil marriage.
But there were also many pleasant things, such as the irresistible aroma of roasting coffee that filled the morning air and the spicy smell of superb sauces being prepared for countless types of pasta.
Hence, half of the millions of lymphocytes produced every minute in the bone marrow go to the thymus gland - a small gland located behind the breastbone - for their training as T cells.
Mix FM is a radio station that serves Fiji, broadcasting on the FM band at the frequencies of 93.8 MHz in Lautoka, Nadi and Suva and 93.6 MHz in Ba, Tavua, Rakiraki and Sigatoka.
This too can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance but that clothing isn't washed after every user so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts, One size fits all for men!
A scheme by two doctors to establish an alibi for a killing by switching roles in the operating theatre is foiled by the insight of a detective and the chance action of a small boy.
Most of the monasteries do provide wraps for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one with bright colors, you'll get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
No one would use his own chopsticks to take food from the common dish unless the chopsticks were first reversed so that the end that is placed in the mouth did not contact the food.
They were celebrating the yearly passover supper along with all the other faithful ones of their nation, eating from a literal roast lamb along with bitter herbs and unleavened bread or matzoth and red wine.
Whereas it is essential, if man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected by the rule of law,
"An increasing number of doctors are questioning whether accident victims "who have organs removed by transplant surgeons after being pronounced dead but whose hearts are still beating" are truly dead, reports The Sunday Times of London."
"Happiness or related mental states like hopefulness, optimism and contentment appear to reduce the risk or limit the severity of cardiovascular disease, pulmonary disease, diabetes, hypertension, colds and upper-respiratory infections," says a report in Time magazine.
The 10-rupee banknote has been issued and had been in circulation since colonial times, and in continuous production since Reserve Bank of India took over the functions of the controller of currency in India in 1923.
Mysticism can be distinguished from other forms of religious belief and worship by its emphasis on the direct personal experience of a unique state of consciousness, particularly those of a peaceful, insightful, blissful, or even ecstatic character.
"Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for "way of the guru". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an importance that forms the core of Sikh beliefs."
An Arctic roll is a British ice cream cake made of vanilla ice cream wrapped in a thin layer of sponge cake to form a roll, with a layer of raspberry flavoured sauce between the sponge and the ice cream.
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
While the symptoms seen in MCS vary somewhat from person to person, they may include headaches, extreme fatigue, muscle pain, joint pain, eczema, rashes, flulike symptoms, asthma, sinus problems, anxiety, depression, memory problems, difficulty in concentrating, insomnia, irregular heartbeat, bloating, nausea, vomiting, intestinal problems, and seizures.
Asthma sufferers who learn to understand their affliction can take comfort in knowing that even before humankind is cured of all ills in God's new world, they can be better prepared for asthma attacks, better equipped to avoid things that trigger them, and have their stress, anxiety, and discomfort greatly lessened.
