academic
ADHESION
Advertisement
Aerial
afternoon
Agricultural
Agriculture
Agronomist
air
Algae
algorithm
allergy
ALLOY
ammunition
amplitude
anarchy
anatomy
ancestor
anomaly
antimatter
antislip
anti-state
apostle
Apricot
archaeology
archangel
Archery
arm
armistice
arsenal
arson
artefact
Artificial
artwork
assets
astronomical
Astronomy
atmosphere
ATOM
attachment
aunt
Autocracy
automation
AUTUMN
Avocado
Badminton
baker
ballot
Bamboo
Banana
bandwidth
bank
bankruptcy
barley
barn
Basketball
bas-relief
batik
Battalion
Beam
believer
Berry
Bible
binary
BIOLOGY
biosphere
Bitter
Blender
Blog
bluebell
Blueprint
bomber
botanist
bourgeoisie
brass
breakfast
bribery
Brick
bricklayer
Brioche
broadcast
Broccoli
brochure
bronze
brother
brother-in-law
buckling
Bud
Buddhism
Buddhist
budget
Bulb
bull
Bulldozer
bullet
burglary
bus
Bush
CACTUS
calf
calligraphy
campaign
cancer
capitulate
car
cardiologist
Carrot
cartoon
Cash
Catholic
Catholicism
cats
Cattle
Cauliflower
cavity
celery
cell
Cello
century
chaff
channel
chapel
Cheesecake
Cheque
Chess
chest
Chestnut
chicken
child
chip
chivalry
Chocolate
Christianity
chronicles
chrysanthemum
church
civilization
clarinetist
clay
Cloudy
coastal
Coconut
coil
Coin
collage
columnist
Comet
commission
competition
concept
Concrete
conservative
consolidation
CONSTITUTION
consulate
continuum
copper
core
Corn
correlation
corruption
cow
crack
Crane
credentials
crime
criminal
crocodile
crop
crop-rotation
crusade
cryptocurrency
Cucumber
cultivate
cultivation
cuneiform
Currency
cycle
Cycling
Cyclone
Cymbals
daisy
Damp
dandelion
database
daughter
debate
debug
declaration
defect
demand
democracy
demolition
depression
diabetes
diarrhea
Digital
diplomat
disarmament
discrete
doctor
documentary
dogs
download
drainage
drought
Drums
dynasty
Earthquake
east
economy
ecosystem
Editorial
Eggplant
ELECTION
elephant
embrittlement
emulsion
engine
engineer
engineering
entropy
Eozoic
epilepsy
Eucharist
evangelist
evening
exponential
family
Farmer
father
feasibility
Fencing
fern
fertilize
feudal
feudalism
fever
fiber
Field
firecracker
firewall
fish
flooding
Flower
flu
fluidity
Flute
Fog
Football
Forest
forgery
fox
Frog
Fruit
Galaxy
Garlic
garrison
gear
Geography
giraffe
Glacier
goat
god
Golf
Goodbye
Gospels
government
grandmother
grandparents
Grass
Greenhouse
grenade
Guitar
gynecologist
hamster
hand
Handball
harvest
head
heather
hell
Hellenism
Hello
helmet
heraldry
herb
Herd
Hill
HIV
Hockey
homomorphism
horse
horticulture
hostilities
hour
howitzer
husband
impeachment
inequality
inflation
inhaler
innovation
innovative
insulin
insurance
interfaces
Internet
interpreter
intersection
invader
invasion
investigator
ion
irrigate
Irrigation
Islam
Island
ivy
jaguar
javelin
jogging
Joist
Journalism
Judaism
judge
Judo
jury
justice
Karate
kitten
Lake
lamb
landlord
law
law-abiding
lawyer
leaflet
Leaves
LED
leopard
liberal
lion
livestock
looter
loss
lunch
machete
magazines
magnetism
maintenance
Mango
marsh
mass
mathematician
Meadow
mechanic
mechanism
medicine
melt
Meteorite
method
Microwave
militant
millennium
minute
misdeed
missile
molecule
monarchy
money
monk
morning
mosque
Moss
mother
mother-in-law
movie
multiply
murder
mushroom
musician
musket
muslim
Nanobot
Nanocomputer
Nanotechnology
nettle
newsprint
night
No
north
NOTARY
now
nun
Ocean
offer
ONCOLOGIST
ophthalmologist
Orchard
ore
Orthodoxy
otolaryngologist
paganism
painkillers
painter
paradise
parent
parents
password
patentee
pattern
pediatrician
penalty
penicillin
pesticides
Pet
Petals
pharmacy
pianist
Piano
Picotechnology
pilgrimage
Pistachio
Planet
Plantation
Plants
plasma
Please
plug
political
politician
pray
PRESIDENT
Press
prices
priest
procurator
product
profit
prohibited
projector
Propaganda
Protestantism
proton
prototype
psychologist
publications
pulmonologist
punish
punishment
Radio
radiologist
Ranch
rape
rapier
Raspberry
refugee
Regiment
rehearsal
religion
religious
repentance
republic
River
robot
Root
Rose
Rugby
Running
rustless
Sailing
salad
salary
Salty
Satellite
Saucepan
sausage
Scaffolding
Score
script
Sculpture
sect
Seed
sensational
sheath
shelter
shrinkage
shrub
Silo
sister
slogan
soldering-iron
son
Song
Sour
south
specifications
Spicy
Sprout
Squad
Star
steel
Strawberry
street
strike
subway
suffrage
summer
Summit
superconductivity
supper
Surfing
suspect
Sweet
Swimming
synagogue
tabloid
Taxi
tea
temple
tenant
Tennis
theory
thistle
toast
Toaster
today
tomorrow
TRADEMARK
train
tree
tribe
trolleybus
Trumpet
username
Vanilla
vengeance
veto
Violin
Volleyball
vote
weapons
weld
west
Wheat
Wheelbarrow
widescreen
wife
winter
workbench
wrongdoer
Xylophone
YES
yesterday
3D printing
a bayonet
Adjacent triangle
adoptive mother
aggressive separatism
Agricultural practices
air blast
amateur drama
amateur sports
animal husbandry
antibonding electron
anxiety disorder
appeal judgment
Art exhibition
Art gallery
artillery emplacement
a shotgun
atomic electron
average income
Bank account
bank deposit
battle tank
behavioral patterns
besieged city
biological mother
bipolar disorder
Black hole
blank vote
BOOKING OFFICE
breaking news
broadband internet
Bronze Age
built-in toolbar
built-up plywood
burned bricks
business loan
cable TV
capital-intensive agriculture
Central Bank
cereal grains
childhood problems
Chocolate mousse
chopped garlic
clogged hoses
clogged pipes
cloud storage
combat readiness
common ancestor
concrete mixer
construction mix
Construction site
Criminal Law
Crop cultivation
crop failure
cryo-electron microscopy
cuneiform tablets
current affairs
current politics
Debit card
deputy chair
discus throw
divorce agreement
divorce maintenance
DOWEL PIN
Downhill skiing
Dump truck
ecological disaster
educational programme
election constituency
electrical conductor
electrical engineering
Electric guitar
Electric whisk
eligible expenditure
emergency meeting
endurance test
enemy sniper
engine failure
environmental problems
equestrian sport
Evaporated milk
exchange currency
Excuse me
EXTENSIVE AGRICULTURE
Family Law
Fertilizer application
Field irrigation
fighter jet
fighting trench
Figure skating
financial literacy
first-century historian
flow production
foreign policy
frozen juice
Frying pan
gas welding
Genghis Khan
geological epoch
get engaged
get married
global warming
Goat cheese
Good morning
Good night
gorgeous flowers
grain pasta
Greenhouse cultivation
green iguana
Green vegetables
guard dog
guerrilla warfare
gutter press
gypsum plasterboard
Hard hat
head peacekeeper
heart disease
HEY you!
high jump
High tide
Holy Trinity
Holy Week
hunting dog
Ice age
Ice climbing
imperial era
I'm sick
INDEPENDENT PRESS.
individual trench
INTENSIVE CULTIVATION
interest rate
International Law
I want
javelin throw
kidney disease
lambs bleat
Laser Method
LAW OFFICE
laying bricks
LEAF SURFACE
leaking roof
legal action
little sister
liver disease
Livestock farming
Localized GUI
local market
local paper
long jump
Magna Charter
Main Features
mass production
mechanical engineering
mental illness
merovingian dynasty
mesoproterozoic era
Middle Ages
middle class
milk cow
mobile revolution
natural calamity
newspaper article
New Testament
noise pollution
notary office
Offline translation
Oil Painting
older brother
Old Testament
opening night
Orchard management
organic agriculture
ozone hole
ozone layer
packing department
particle accelerator
PCR test
peacekeeping battalion
peaceloving country
planted flowers
Plant photosynthesis.
plug in
pole vault
political revenge
political rights
political struggle
pollen grains
popular paper
Positional synthesis
posted online
poverty level
Powdered milk
Pressure cooker
primary electron
Private Users
procurator's office
production constraints
production standards
professional sport
Property Law
proton collisions
proton-recoil spectrometer
proton resonance
public order
purchasing power
Quantum Cryptography
real estate
reduce pollution
Reflective prism
Refracting telescope
renewable energy
roasted tomatoes
Root node.
root system
scanning software
scroll bar
Seamless integration
sect member
Seed coat.
seek re-election
sharp pain
Shortcuts customization
Solar system
space bar
Spherical coordinates
straight ahead
stratospheric ozone
stray dog
successful election
surface-to-air missile
suspended ceiling
Table tennis
Tax Law
technical requirements
Tectonic motion
Thank you
The gravity
thyroid disease
to boil
to compile
to fry
to grill
to peel
to roast
transfer money
Trigonometric leveling
truck driver
Turn left
Turn right
TV guide
unprotected strike
Virgin Mary
wallpaper knife
weather forecast
web hosting
White cheese
wild horse
wireless technologies
withdraw cash
working experience
yield stress
You're welcome
A badminton player
A basketball player
account balance information
A football player
a healthy environment
all-around fire trench
artillery meteorological station
attack civilian targets
automatic gizzard harvester
bank account data
begin divorce proceedings
Bookmarks & history
Buy a book!
Chemical formula: C40H56
childhood to adulthood
close his account
community of believers
confidential information regarding
construction concrete mixer
Cross country skiing
dense aggreate concrete
era of exploration
Fine, thank you.
german criminal code
getting a divorce
greater crop yields
hang wallpaper on
herb roasted chicken
I am blind.
I am pregnant.
I don't understand.
I feel dizzy.
I'm a vegetarian
improved irrigation systems
I must leave.
installment savings account
I would say
Kekkonen came too.
large irrigation schemes
leaking electricity meter
livestock feed requirements
making an election
mobile election campaign
My name is
nations peacekeeping operations
Nothing is impossible.
one o'clock AM
one o'clock PM
organized criminal activity
orthodox true believer
parliamentary scrutiny reservation
pasta with seafood
peeled roasted peanuts
plywood concrete form
precision livestock farming
prefabricated reinforced concrete
print to online
pro muslim brotherhood
proton spin-lattice relaxation
roasted turkey breast
Roger, your scarf.
sabotage a strike
Sheep eat grass.
smashing election triumph
species of flowers
spot fumigation treatment
stratospheric ozone protection
taste of garlic
The asteroid belt
The check, please
the egyptian pharaoh
The Milky Way
The space probe
Time is money.
to declare war
to withdraw troops
two o'clock AM
two o'clock PM
uranium mining industry
vegetable transplants harvester
vinyl wallpaper glue
whole grain pasta
a complaint for divorce
Ahtisaari thanked the government.
Am I under arrest?
apply insecticide by fumigation
area denial artillery munitions
area equipped for irrigation
Are you going out?
a subjectivity of judgment
based on management judgment
Beautiful flowers have thorns.
Belgian Chamber of Representatives
Can you tell me
criminal acts of terrorism
crop and livestock production
curse of the pharaohs
deliver a besieged garrison
delivering a besieged garrison
disclose any such information
Do you speak English?
EEA Joint Parliamentary Committee
effect of artillery fire
era in human history
extent of proton transfer
Finland has good chances.
following a general election
Have you been vaccinated?
He supported immigration legislation.
hot pressing of plywood
How much is this?
I am feeling nauseous.
I hope so ^_^
I lost my bag.
I lost my wallet.
I love your blog.
I'm a shepherd dog.
I need a doctor
I saw Ulla coming
is now available online
It was a misunderstanding
Listen to your father.
Man's life is short.
mining of hard coal
Nice to meet you.
ozone layer depleting substances
Paavo is a teacher.
participation in an election
president on his election
principles of criminal justice
rest mass of proton
that freedom of religion
The cats are purring.
the election of deputies
The Germans besieged us
The men came home
tombs of egyptian pharaohs
use insecticide by fumigation
we just got married
WHAT did they say!!??
What is your name?
Where is the pain?
A caterpillar becomes a butterfly.
atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide
battlefield artillery target engagement system
Butterflies live for three days.
Dad was upset about that:(
Does this bus stop in...?
Don't you see the car?
double sided metal faced plywood
Do you have coronavirus symptoms?
elections to the European Parliament
Even under the Hitler regime?
for the nomination and election
Get rid of unnecessary furniture.
I am an American citizen
I don't see Father's boat.
I haven't done anything wrong
is married with four children
Is Tauno going to Kotka?
Most married men develop hobbies
My boat's name is Tarantella.
My grandmother was a believer
Oh to hell with me.
Organic farming encourages crop diversity.
Pakistan is a Muslim country
phasing out ozone depleting substances
Please call me a doctor.
Plenty of sausage and pepperonis.
positron electron tandem ring accelerator
Run pipes under the floor.
She cooked this delicious pasta
slit scanning type photocopying machine
Sunshine is beneficial to plants.
Take me to the cinema!
The snipers know their insignia
The wallpaper had rolled away.
Tom tested positive for COVID-19.
usher in a new era
Veggie with eggplant and garlic
Was it you who came?
Was the wallpaper hung wrong?
We do not drink beer.
Where are you taking me?
Where does this train go?
Why isn't there any bacon?
Would you like fruit juice?
Would you like to eat?
Yes, sausage and sauerkraut please.
You did not come either
Your divorce left you vulnerable
You're getting the scarf wet.
A Methodist minister celebrating the Eucharist.
Animals conduct what various farming activities?
Antarctica has a unique volcanic history.
aroma impact compounds in roasted coffee
Ask if they have warm food.
assault or use of criminal force
Batteries and accumulators and their waste
But your blog looks so happy.
Can Finland be compared to Sweden?
Catholicism categorizes sins into various groups.
Composition, chemical formula, description, analytical method
Created chart preview images, toolbar icons.
Did you get your scarf back?
Education is the key to success.
Education, Youth, Culture and Sport Council
Examples might be hydrotechnology and nanotechnology.
Ground a corpse into sausage meat.
he brakes failed on the truck.
How many medications are you on?
How much is a ticket to?
I cannot bleat like a sheep.
I discussed the matter with her.
In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
In Greek it is called thy·mi·a·teʹri·on.
international centre for criminal law reform
I prefer disc brakes, they're better.
It is nice to sit here.
livestock output per acre of feed
Many know of his equation E=mc2.
Maybe you married the wrong woman
Nanotechnology is based on this research.
national institute of water and atmospheric
Not a sheep farmer in Australia.
open cast hard coal mining process
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
Politicians never acknowledge their own mistakes.
Put some salt on your meat.
Radishes you can simmer or grill.
Roasted hare is a splendid thing
Sami posted a picture on Facebook
Scarlett and Harry are practically married.
sign in with your facebook account
Somebody pull this scarf off her.
The car is in the street
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
The frost killed all the flowers.
The government has been reforming education.
The mat is on the floor.
the operative part of the judgment
There I once shot seventeen snipe
There is no rose without thorns.
through bond electron donor acceptor interaction
throw down stones on the besiegers
Tom might be allergic to peanuts.
Well, I earn 2.2 Euro gross.
Where shall I put my clothes?
Who taught you about the pharaohs?
Yeah, what about a baby elephant?
You mean to get a divorce?
Your roommate's a soap opera star.
Ancient tables provided the Sun's mean longitude.
"And did Jesus describe himself as "God?
And you cannot plant and harvest time.
An elephant wearing a big pink bow.
Arenga pinnata fruits harvested from Java, Indonesia.
Can I look at the menu, please?
Can you show me on the map?
Cold weather keeps many plants from blooming.
Do Nanotechnology and Cryonics Hold the Answer?
Don't be a good neighbour to her.
Ed was married to both of you?
First published in the early Middle Ages.
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF SAINT LUCIA
He was raised in a Muslim household
How do I get to the airport?
However, unfortunately, French tobacco production has disappeared.
How long have you played the violin?
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I don't know if Auli went home.
I keep a rabbit as a pet.
In Buddhism, Kāma is sensuous, sexual love.
insurance number of the individual ledger account
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
I try to say the things clearly
Its currency is the South African rand.
I want to talk to a lawyer
Judging from his appearance, he is ill.
Mattresses and Beds, Furniture, mirrors, picture frames
May I have a cup of coffee?
May I have a glass of water?
Nominally, you'll be promoting American agricultural exports.
on the brink of a new era
Our income just got cut in half.
She had an appointment with the doctor.
She is not so devout a believer?
🙎 Smart emoji prediction for your words
So he mixed and remixed the plaster
The Ballet Folklórico performs here every week.
The cat is playing with a mouse.
The company is laying a new pipeline.
The last cyber-agent, he's at Microsoft now.
Then it is the same as religion
The predominant religion in Malta is Catholicism.
There is a car in the street
There is no milk in the fridge.
There is some milk in the bottle.
They are the so-called victims of war.
they married and lived happily ever after
those southern dishes always savor of garlic
to crush the juice from an orange
To Kaylee and her inter-engine fermentation system.
Tom would describe the house as small.
Water the flowers before you eat breakfast.
We're not here to sit in judgment.
Will you drink two cups of coffee?
Xavier proclaims a syncretic stance in religion.
A battered sausage, sliced in half after cooking.
A common effect of Marfan's syndrome is myopia-nearsightedness.
Afro-Venezuelan religious practices have been adapted to Catholicism.
Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia have a common religion.
Aluminium-doped ZnO layers are used as transparent electrodes.
Anti-Catholicism was a significant problem for Smith's campaign.
Bach did not go to college, not Mozart.
Being a copper alloy, it contains no gold.
Bodies of embalmed Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloths.
Buddhism is an Indian, transtheistic religion and philosophy.
Car production is among the areas worst affected.
Cultivation from sowing to harvesting is fully shared.
Develop new conceptual framework for enlarged agricultural statistics.
Early Christians were persecuted by the Roman Empire.
Eventually, he returned the sword to its sheath.
Except for the brakes, rear axle, cylinder heads.
French electoral law rather strictly codifies the proceedings.
Garlic sausage is a part of French cuisine.
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
Grenades are hidden in crates and bonus rooms.
He converted to Roman Catholicism late in life.
Hire of office equipment, office machinery and furniture
I don't sponsor legislation I don't care about.
I had scrambled eggs and sausage for breakfast.
It is Martelly's fifth CEP in four years.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Kazon sects control this part of the Quadrant.
Layla decided that divorce was the only option.
Many sects have initiation rituals for new members.
Maybe one of the opera singers I've met.
My mother disliked caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
Note Some rechargeable batteries may also be replaced.
One bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
Religious education is prohibited at a public school.
* Review President Hunter's teachings in section 1.
Rome became a great power under Julius Caesar.
Sami started fasting before he was even Muslim.
So pulmonary circulation allows your body to breathe.
The flowers in the garden are very beautiful.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
The maximum penalty for murder is life imprisonment.
The presidential election of 1876 was very close.
There's the elephant, he's happy with his balloon.
The treaty bans the use of chemical weapons.
The young plants are potted during the winter.
U.S. President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
We at Berkeley Bionics call these robots exoskeletons.
We have just bought two pieces of furniture.
What is the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
Why do sheep not shrink in the rain?
You' ve been like a father to me
Annual harvest is, however, well below the allowable levels.
A number of antivirus companies have assessed Alexa's toolbar.
A snail is, in loose terms, a shelled gastropod.
Building materials can include tiles, carpet, blinds and tools.
By default, the software will automatically download definition updates.
Colson Aviation developed multi-engine control systems for the F-302s.
Communions are sung during the distribution of the Eucharist.
Computers today are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
Didn't you know Tom was good at playing chess?
Ether can also be used to extract garlic oil.
Firstly, nanoscience and nanotechnology is permeated with ethical issues.
Fossil fuels are the main causes of global warming.
How do I access the application tab in Chrome?
Hyacinths and fresh-cut grass remind me of my childhood.
I am the democratically elected Prime Minister of Pakistan.
I don't agree with the government's policy on education.
I don't think the roses will bloom anytime soon.
I feel amazing thanks to Tom's special orange juice.
I like to watch sports on TV, especially baseball.
I live in the oldest part of the town.
In August 1963, Mansfield decided to convert to Catholicism.
Internet Explorer is the world's most popular Web browser.
In the Reformed Churches the Eucharist is variously administered.
Is the central heating warm enough in the winter?
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
Like trying to thread a needle with a sausage.
Marriage between royalty in ancient Egypt was often incestuous.
Military activity is also responsible for widespread environmental destruction.
Myosotis antarctica forms small rosettes with prostrate flowering stems.
Normal atmospheric air contains approximately 21% oxygen when inhaled.
Our engine is efficient and produces much less CO2.
Postprandial hyperglycemia is a risk factor associated with diabetes.
Rain waters our plants and keeps our grass green.
Romantic relationships tend to increase in prevalence throughout adolescence.
Sami fixed the engine seconds after opening the hood.
Sami showed the boys how to shoot their weapons.
Sami started collecting the rent payment from his tenants.
Sam managed to get on the school basketball team.
Several means of biological pest control have been investigated.
So are you and Hanna planning on getting married?
Social media is way for expression of ideas freely.
Some grenades are designed to be thrown longer distances.
The cover artwork is a self-portrait painted by James.
The last thing this country needs is bar-room politicians.
The man said he was innocent of the crime.
The Middle Ages had ended, the Enlightment had begun.
The municipality and the entire region are indigenous lands.
The plant is full of thorns, including the leaves.
There are a lot of flowers in the garden.
There is a great conflict between religion and science.
The voodoo rites themselves show the influence of Catholicism.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
This kind of flower doesn't grow in my garden.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay his rent.
Tom is three months behind in paying his rent.
Tomorrow I will buy a pair of new shoes.
Tom was blindfolded and taken out of his house.
Understanding your organization's Windows software licenses can be challenging.
Unlike other marine mammals, whales cannot lounge around shorelines.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest.
Was your high school's basketball team a good team?
What time did you leave your house this morning?
With this arrangement in place, this freedom might end.
Yahweh dwells with Israel in the holy of holies.
A drawback to this crop is its difficulty to harvest.
A hydraulic ram is a water pump powered by hydropower.
A hydro-mechanical fuel control system delivers fuel to the engine.
Algeria has to maintain its agricultural sector at all costs.
An example is the equation x + 4 = 6.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
At present, the apple trees are just starting to blossom.
A violin case would complete the effect very creditably, sir.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs and people have friendships.
Blogging can sometimes have unforeseen consequences in politically sensitive areas.
Blueberries are perennial flowering plants with blue or purple berries.
Canine animals serve in the U.S. military in dangerous situations.
Copper and its alloys had many varied and practical uses.
(DA) Mr President, the textile industry is a global industry.
Edible insects are raised as livestock in specialized insect farms.
Entrepreneurial opportunities were common for the alchemists of Renaissance Europe.
He argued that nuclear weapons were a threat to peace.
He contends that nuclear weapons are necessary for national defense.
"He referred to the rumors as "political chatter and silliness.
He was excommunicated for serving the Eucharist in highball glasses.
His parents became Quakers after his father converted from Catholicism.
However, it is a composite rather than a monolithic model.
I believe Shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived.
I'm trying to figure out why the engine won't start.
In consequence of the judgment I expect being shortly given.
International sanctions have meant that new aircraft cannot be purchased.
Layla and Sami spent two hours reminiscing about their childhood.
Levels above these limits would justify a diagnosis for diabetes.
Like the military uses camouflage to blend into their surroundings?
"Most scholars believe that the Tetragrammaton should be pronounced "Yahweh.
Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris dates from the Middle Ages.
On the Home menu, select Settings, Wireless, and then Networks.
Our jails overflow with men and women convicted on confessions...
Painter Pablo Picasso called it the best film ever made.
Please forgive me... it was not easy maintaining this house.
Put the key in the ignition and start the engine.
Sami fell in love with a Muslim girl named Layla.
Sami is still affected by the horrors of his childhood.
Sami's house was right around the corner from our house.
Software included with your hardware will usually install drivers automatically.
Some biblical scholars say YHWH was most likely pronounced Yahweh.
"Sometimes I feel like saying: "Oh to hell with me.
That's roughly 13% of the country's budget for public education.
The ancient penalty for murder was death by slow torture.
The divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office.
The LHC physics programme is mainly based on proton-proton collisions.
The point E is an arbitrary point on the parabola.
There are emerging technologies, particularly nickel-zinc technology for industrial batteries.
There is a decreasing success rate for more severe myopia.
The school included classes in ballet, mime, drama, and art.
These knives are sold for recreational and hobby purposes only.
These religious sects make me uneasy... they're seedbeds for revolution.
The US Navy also said they were investigating the incident.
The Vatican is an absolute monarchy with an elected king.
This house has been in our family for three generations.
This juice would be even better with two ice cubes.
Tom thinks that Mary would be a good basketball coach.
Tom was spared death and sentenced to life in prison.
Whenever I cook spaghetti noodles, I set an egg timer.
Where is the salt and pepper shaker for that leaf?
Which can you do better, play tennis or play soccer?
Will I be able to leave the house before college?
4-8 Working Party on Brakes and Running Gear (GRRF) (fifty-first session)
"About 400 years ago, William Shakespeare wrote: "Out, out, brief candle!
Agricultural land in Central Asia is mostly desert and mountain pastures.
A pump station distributes reclaimed water to users around the city.
Armoured personnel carriers were armoured fighting vehicles developed to transport infantry.
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
Cast alloy wheel on a folding bicycle, with a pneumatic tire.
Cup of coffee, short stack, little syrup, - side of bacon...
Dieffenbachia/ˌdiːfɪnˈbækiə/is a genus of tropical flowering plants in the family Araceae.
Dietary factors also influence the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you think I should have gotten into night club work?
Edit the selected emoticon to change its icon or its text
Empirical findings support the existence of the behavioral/characterological distinction in self-blame.
he car's brakes are constructed and developed in house by NextEV.
He is speculated to make a run for president in 2016.
He pees in an old orange juice bottle on long trips.
"He said "Oh to hell with me!" and left the room."
Hiw words brought me back to the days of my childhood.
I could tell you every soap opera plot for 33 days.
Imagine if we could understand how algae produce oxygen from sunlight.
In 1955, the diaries of Napoleon's valet, Louis Marchand, were published.
In algae, the term leucoplast is used for all unpigmented plastids.
In her free time, she likes to be on the Internet.
In July 2004, Fadil was sentenced to 24 years in jail.
I put out a lot of money for my son's education.
▪ Islam has surpassed Roman Catholicism in the number of adherents.
I trust you will not feel it reflects judgment upon you.
Julius Caesar was the first historical Roman to be officially deified.
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson sent a canine team to the crime scene.
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Military or defence policy-related operations cannot be financed from Community funds.
Modern conveniences come at a cost, so more parents are working.
Modern plant breeders develop new crop varieties to meet specific conditions.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflict.
Mozart's symphonic production covers a 24-year interval, from 1764 to 1788.
My wife and I played violin in the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
Nanotechnology has already shown that it holds a lot of promise.
On August 27, 2016, several rockets were fired at the airport.
On December 17, 2019, Netflix cancelled the series after one season.
Only the tonnage specified on the official prescription should be manufactured.
Plants need to be in a well-lit place to undergo photosynthesis.
Plowing, fertilizing, and... sowing seed are the very basis of life.
Safflower, Carthamus tinctorius, is a highly branched, herbaceous, thistle-like annual plant.
Scoop Chang, New New York Times online podcast blog comments editor.
Should a Muslim woman be beaten if she doesn't cover up?
Some of the rainfall was accompanied by thunderstorms and frequent lightning.
Suddenly a soldier appeared, who held a rapier in his hand.
The conquest of Constantinople marks the end of the Middle Ages.
The flower I saw in the park yesterday was a rafflesia.
The Golden Age is divided by the assassination of Julius Caesar.
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The gun was the police's sole lead for solving the crime.
The heavy scent of the roses seemed to brood over everything.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report at 12.00 GMT today.
Their primary concern was to redistribute income from rich to poor.
The Java virtual machine provides some support for dynamically typed languages.
The maze of roots is a shadowy habitat for many creatures.
The priest said that this book could be harmful to youth.
There's a funny smell coming from the engine of the car.
The scholarship made it possible for him to continue his education.
These emoticons are usually found in a format similar to (*_*).
The sheepdog plays a part in many facets of sheep farming.
The soccer player ignored the jeers from the opposing team's fans.
The software is configured automatically each time you start the computer.
The water with the floating roses poured out on the pavement.
The wide tread and strengthened steel belts give the tyre stability.
They want to ban the religion of Islam from their country.
This action ties in with the 250th anniversary of Mozart's birth.
This booze cruise is for college house dudes and dudettes only!
Title four, section seven negates the entire point of the legislation.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in soccer.
Typically, 70-90% of affected individuals develop behavioral patterns in early childhood.
We need a clear definition of the concept of human rights.
We now have in Chad a large contingent of Irish troops.
We set this fire and now it's burning down the house.
You're giving up your scholarship to muck around and have fun?
A Hangi Meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
And DNA, of course, is the beautiful molecule that contains that information.
Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
As of July 2019, Safari, Chrome and Firefox fully support color management.
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
Barely enough to cover the cost of the food, but who cares?
Cement works, steel works and other undertakings have to cut their production.
China's GDP could be larger than the United States within two decades.
Christian denominations since the 20th century have often involved themselves in ecumenism.
Cold weather is perhaps the only real danger the unprepared will face.
Competitive, efficient farming is a key component of the European agricultural model.
Create a new emoticon by assigning it an icon and some text
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
Earlier the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported a plane to be hijacked.
Following this invasion, Soviet troops shot at least 21 768 Polish citizens.
Global warming, the term is so outdated, it's called climate change now.
I love playing basketball, but I don't enjoy watching it on TV.
In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
In Tibetan Buddhism, there is a mind training practice known as Lojong.
It's a soap opera, and, so, the characters are the fantasy lives.
I wonder what it would be like to be married to her.
Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall.
Kampala is a hilly place with its valleys filled with sluggish rivers/swamps.
Lidia, can you cook some food to Magdalena, Ania, Piotr and Lech?
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
Monel metal is an alloy of approximately two-thirds nickel and one-third copper.
Most sound cards and sound processors require driver software to work properly.
My Jewish parents had me start learning ballet at an early age.
Overnight, its post box was dismantled, causing damage to the building's façade.
People with Laron syndrome have very low rates of cancer and diabetes.
Probably ceramic, heat-resistant, like the tiles they use on the space shuttle.
Social network analysis has emerged as a key technique in modern sociology.
Some reactors siphon water into the input of the reactor's re-circulation pump.
Super middleweight, or light cruiserweight, is a weight class in combat sports.
Swiss cheese and mushroom omelet, very crispy bacon,fried potatoes and tomato juice.
The Algerian constitution states that Islam is the religion of the state.
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
The area's largest private, locally based, publicly traded employer is Micron Technology.
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
The battery status indicator glows red when the battery is running low.
The cost of living keeps rising to make sure people keep dying.
The dried safflower petals are also used as a herbal tea variety.
The early stages of cervical cancer may be completely free of symptoms.
The farmer gambles against the weather and the market on his crops.
The hangi is often used to cook a traditional roast style dinner.
The house was gradually rebuilt in sections over the next forty years.
The hydrogen nucleus- one proton- is essentially the mass of one neutron.
The more complex the molecule, the more intense is the greenhouse effect.
The Nazis were as socialist as the Holy Roman Empire was Roman.
The rose has thorns only for those who want to touch it.
The second industry affected is that of poultry, sheep and cattle farming.
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
This continues to be reflected in the teaching of Methodist denominations today.
This equation reveals that a little mass, or matter, harbors unbelievable energy.
Thus spoke a clothing store owner after thieves forced her into bankruptcy.
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he'd never been married.
Tom must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
Urban sprawl is said to be a major contributor to global warming.
We must not confuse tobacco abuse caused by tobacco consumption with production.
We will be the first attacking the partisans on their own territory.
When you take the shahada, you need to have two Muslim witnesses.
Whortleberry may refer to the berries of several plants of genus Vaccinium.
Willow trees are so beautiful when they are blooming with yellow flowers.
6:38 So oxytocin is the trust molecule, but is it the moral molecule?
Absolution is an integral part of the Sacrament of Penance, in Roman Catholicism.
Advancements in technology enable nuclear missiles to become almost pinpointed in their accuracy.
Albizia amara is a mid-sized, deciduous tree which resembles acacia without the thorns.
All models used a 120-hp, 3.1L V6 mated to a 3-speed automatic transmission.
Also, it appears a large Hispanic family has been living under the house.
A portrait of Sun Quan painted by Yan Liben in the Tang dynasty.
A rose is fresher as a bud than as a flower in bloom.
At higher altitudes the trees gradually thin out and there are alpine pastures.
Breakfast may include seasonal delights of the region or the host's speciality dish.
British Satellite Broadcasting operated The Sports Channel, which launched on 25 March 1990.
Chemical formula: The polymers contain substituted anhydroglucose units with the following general formula:
Children with parents who smoke have more colds, influenza, bronchitis, asthma, and pneumonia.
Coralline algae holds together some coral reefs and is present in multiple ecosystems.
Designed for a throughput of hydrogen gas of 1 000 kg/h or greater.
During the New Kingdom, pharaohs were shown with this crown in military circumstances.
Electrometallurgy involves metallurgical processes that take place in some form of electrolytic cell.
Fiji has produced some of the finest rugby league players in the world.
Flowering time may be any month of the year, depending on the species.
For the purpose of 1C006.a.1., silahydrocarbon oils contain exclusively silicon, hydrogen and carbon.
Good old Uncle Henry, he fertilized his crop from his own septic tank.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
House dust mites can be found in mattresses, carpets, curtains and stuffed furniture.
How much does it usually cost to go to a professional basketball game?
If the taxes don't get it, the inflation will eat it all up.
Ingram was a co-founder of the Schermerhorn Symphony Center which opened in 2005.
It also scans downloads, and then warns you about possible malware (malicious software).
It may be useful to see the euro's problems from a global perspective.
It may involve a chemical reaction (e.g. in an acid or alkaline scrubber).
I wanted to find out about the mother panda that had been wounded.
I was supposed to write a romantic comedy, but my characters broke up.
Lileks is a regular contributor to the social networking and blogging network Ricochet.
Martelly swore in a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) of nine members yesterday.
Matoub Lounès is the symbol of the struggle for freedom and human rights.
Meanwhile, coal and steel have ceased being the cornerstones of the integration process.
Michel Bréal can also be credited with the invention of the marathon race.
Modern analyzers are capable of resolving the electron emission angles by nearly 0.1°.
Moroccan agricultural production also consists of orange, tomatoes, potatoes, olives, and olive oil.
Most mammals appear to have a life expectancy of roughly a billion heartbeats.
Mr President, the maritime sector is an important industry and employer in Europe.
Not gonna let you be the only one bringing home the waffle bacon.
ogging may be hazardous to your health, especially if you are a male.
Only 5% of the remaining 60,000 or so have been tried and sentenced.
People on lower incomes spend a disproportionate amount of their income on rent.
Plants make their food from the sun by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
Sami was found just as guilty as Layla and was sentenced to life.
"She said",There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
Silicone oils are primarily used as lubricants, thermic fluid oils or hydraulic fluids.
Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club.
Soon after the outbreak of hostilities, Britain initiated a naval blockade of Germany.
Su-Lin, the first live giant panda ever to come into the Western world.
The behavioral model made a great impact on the theory of the firm.
The German translation by Martin Luther had a big influence on that language.
The ice of southern Argentina is suffering from the effects of climate change.
The latter argument was mentioned by several participants, including distributors and large retailers.
The money could go toward flood-proof houses, better water management, and crop diversification.
There is no understandable reason for excluding the solar industry from the regulations.
There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.
These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
The Social Network was praised for its direction, screenplay, acting, editing, and score.
This gives them a wider range of small places to hide from predators.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in a period of two hours.
Tom and Mary are better chess players than I expected them to be.
Until mid-to-late adolescence, boys and girls show relatively little difference in drinking motives.
Various forms of wireless communications technologies have been proposed for intelligent transportation systems.
Wind-pollinated flowers often have small, dull petals and produce little or no scent.
"A curry can be either "dry" or "wet" depending on the amount of liquid."
Although Anja is not deformed, she does have myopia, respiratory problems, and cardiovascular diseases.
And the use of nanotechnology and cryonics is still more science fiction than reality.
An estimated 45 000 troops have been sent into the province against 5000 rebels.
Aquatic algae are a significant contributor to food webs in tropical rivers and streams.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
At present, there are 213 Irish troops among the KFOR force stationed in Kosovo.
Bachmann, who won the Ames Straw Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
Catholicism was an important feature of both social and political life in pre-Communist Slovenia.
Copper is a non-renewable source, which generates a large amount of income for Chile.
Due to constant seismic activity, Japanese engineers have come up with novel construction techniques.
Due to the cramped conditions of trench warfare, the American shotguns were extremely effective.
Dust mites feed on the flakes of skin shed daily by people and pets.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
Enterprises active in the production of agricultural products from either livestock or arable farming
Estela, Ana, you really missed something in the soap opera The Poor Cry More.
Every butterfly has been a caterpillar, but not every caterpillar will become a butterfly.
Fish often die because of the high concentrations of the toxin in the waters.
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
Growth has been strong, inflation is under control, and international reserves have increased steadily.
His son Julian Roosevelt also headed Roosevelt & Son, and was an olympic yachtsman.
If your product did not come with software, refer to the Hardware Warranty below.
In addition to the crushing ice, extreme weather conditions have been hampering rescue efforts.
In wild birds the sixth layer depends upon the presence of a male bird.
I pray not to you thee, today Mars, but to the Hebrew God, Yahweh.
Jesus of Nazareth was personally appointed by God to a position of great authority.
Kauhi died in Hilo at the age of 66 from complications due to diabetes.
Key is a Christian and has practiced Buddhism, Catholicism, and Evangelicalism in the past.
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details with you.
Many infantry and cavalry regiments operated in pairs under the command of a comes.
Moth bean, a short-day crop, is one of the most drought-resistant pulses in India.
Multi-employer pensions necessitate a collective bargaining agreement between multiple employers and a labor union.
My house and his have been allied since the earliest days of the Republic.
Nanotechnology is being allowed to develop in what is in effect a legal vacuum.
On 22 June 1941, Hitler launched Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union.
Poland is rich in natural mineral resources, including iron, zinc, copper and rock salt.
Pure extracted wheat starch paste was used in Ancient Egypt possibly to glue papyrus.
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
Side view of building from 54th St, looking west with scaffolding visible, March 2019.
The aircraft had been headed to Irkutsk and was being operated by interior troops.
The algae produces a neurotoxin that can disable nerves in both humans and fish.
The alloy groups tested and approved were C11000, C51000, C70600, C26000, C75200, and C28000.
The brief peace in Europe allowed Napoleon to focus on the French colonies abroad.
The central bank has credited the weaker currency for making Russian products more competitive.
The contents of desiccators are exposed to atmospheric moisture whenever the desiccators are opened.
The diborane molecule is described by contributing structures, each with electron-deficiency on different atoms.
The girl said nothing, but she nodded, pressing her head against her father's chest.
The Gospel writers knew that Jesus had lived in heaven before coming to earth.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
The hot chocolate is up to Belgian standards. Fruit juices are pricey but excellent.
The most valuable, as it turned out -are vast expanses of fertile land, pastures.
The original raising mechanism was powered by pressurised water stored in several hydraulic accumulators.
"The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial.
The properties of HLP 32 hydraulic oil make it ideal for lubricating machine tools.
The technology of the clerestory appears to originate in the temples of ancient Egypt.
The use of cyanides is one of the current gold and silver mining methods.
They farmed thirty acres and split the crop with the owner of the land.
They follow celebrities and print sensational stories about them which are untrue or half-true.
They will burn crops and orchards, destroy mills and stables, break dams and canals.
This company's expertise is in the manufacture of boilers for generating steam and electricity.
Touchdown Tournament was an American football league composed of teams from different Brazilian states.
We will need to enter into dialogue with the steel, cement and paper industries.
What we've done is we've hooked these vents up to a metallurgical blast furnace.
Acco Material Handling manufactures cranes, hoists and other crane components as well as hand trucks.
According to the citation at Sebastopol, he rescued a soldier pinned down by Russian infantry.
Activation of H2 receptors located on parietal cells stimulates the proton pump to secrete acid.
After battling cancer for several years, he finally passed away at the age of 87.
Air pollution is causing changes in atmospheric composition and consequent global warming and ocean acidification.
All A8, A8 L, and S8 feature quattro all-wheel-drive system and 8-speed Tiptronic automatic transmission.
Ammonia can also lose an electron to gain a positive charge, forming the ion NH+3.
And Bitcoin was the world's worst-performing currency in 2014, its value falling by almost 60%.
And friends of someone who suffers from asthma should not smoke in the person's presence.
And the cable is made out of some unholy alloy almost impossible to cut it.
And zero three means it was the third tiger shark purchased for that particular aquarium.
As Jack London has stated, 'The best measurement of anything should be: does it work?'
As part of the acquisition planning process, the Government must address its buying power leverage.
As the temple burnt, the Talmud tells us the High Priest walked into the flames.
Because in Catholicism you are a born sinner and you're a sinner all your life.
But museums don't loan stuff from the 1600s to video engineers with a wacky hobby.
Concluding Observations of the Human Rights Committee: Croatia, 97th Sess., October 12-30, 2009, para.10, U.N.
During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
Eternal Remont writes about Russian businessman Oleg Teterin, who claims to have trademarked the;-) emoticon.
Existing video transmission systems of both analogue and digital formats already introduce known quantifiable delays.
For the party I bought a dozen wine glasses and two dozen cups for juice.
Garlic is crushed in a mortar and pestle and emulsified with salt, and olive oil.
Gases (petroleum), reforming hydrotreater, hydrogen-methane-rich (Cas No 68478-03-5), if they contain > 0,1% w/w Butadiene
Healthcare professionals advise patients with diabetes mellitus on the appropriate monitoring regimen for their condition.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
He is renowned for his contribution in connection with the discovery of the pulmonary-circulation system.
He puts his hands in his pockets and starts shuffling down the hall to her.
He was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death, an open-and-shut case, except for one thing.
Higher quality wrenches are typically made from chromium-vanadium alloy tool steels and are often drop-forged.
However, retail establishments or restaurants selling their products to end consumers may not lodge applications.
How many Berber words do I need to learn to be fluent in the language?
If you're feeling more adventurous, take the opportunity to juice or blend up some smoothies:
In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower.
In 2012, he was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters' Broadcasting Hall of Fame.
In most cases, these accidents are caused by the improper use of scaffolding and ladders.
In rugby, BMW sponsored the South Africa national rugby union team from 2011 to 2015.
In the 17th century BCE, the settlement came under the supremacy of the Egyptian pharaohs.
Island genetics provides one proposed explanation for the sudden, fully developed appearance of flowering plants.
It has the same conditions as a human body, 37 degrees centigrade, 95 percent oxygen.
Led by Sanford Alexander Moss, GE moved into the new field of aircraft turbo superchargers.
Moth bean is a creeping annual herbaceous plant which grows to approximately 40 cm high.
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
Oh... carry the one, times by 12, carry the one, compound the rate of inflation.
One sort of pump once common worldwide was a hand-powered water pump, or "pitcher pump".
ousehold debt levels in Canada are higher than those in any country in the OECD.
Polygonatum/ˌpɒlɪˈɡɒnətəm/, also known as King Solomon's-seal or Solomon's seal, is a genus of flowering plants.
Representatives from Arkhangelsk's veteran organizations and children from a cadet troupe gathered at the event.
Salvador Dalí, famous for his surrealist work, painted Self portrait as Mona Lisa in 1954.
She could not sit in judgment on Rhett when she was as guilty as he.
Soccer star Lionel Messi reportedly wore a good luck charm during a World Cup game.
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
The construction and maintenance of roads and airports and waste management are two such examples.
The dynamic test shall be performed with a Class A coupling ball of appropriate strength.
The effects of soil erosion can be lessened by means of various soil conservation techniques.
The FVO programme of audits for 2012 includes an audit of organic farming in India15.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
The July which immediately succeeded my marriage was made memorable by three cases of interest.
The little mammals were ingeniously designed by their Creator for life in an upside-down world.
The Loose Nut is the 16th animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series.
The mother bird diligently feeds the chicks with fruits and an occasional insect or lizard.
The poll found majority support across all 50 states for how governors are handling coronavirus.
There are 27 state theaters, including opera and ballet theater, a musical comedy theater, etc.
There are a number of medications and other health problems that can predispose to diabetes.
The sooner we start doing something about global climate change, the better off we'll be.
The war and the military occupation of Iraq have proved to be a tragic mistake.
They put the blame partly on the parents who use television as an electronic baby-sitter.
This adapter comes either by itself, or in a bundle with an Xbox Wireless Controller.
Thus, by the time of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756-1791), high- pitched clarino playing had disappeared.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left after he did.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
Tree's a Crowd is the 87th animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series.
We do not forget the 3,000 people killed at the hands of the military despots.
Were you surprised to hear that he was convicted for the downing of Flight 197?
When in use as livestock, the domestic pig is mostly farmed for its meat, pork.
While in exile, Napoleon wrote a book about Julius Caesar, one of his great heroes.
A curry is a dish based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
Adolescence shows an increase in self-esteem that continues to increase in young adulthood and middle age.
Also give policy/contact copies to traveling companions and relatives or friends back home willing to help.
Amaranth is a herbaceous plant or shrub that is either annual or perennial across the genus.
American football, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are seen as the typical sports of North America.
Anglicanism or Episcopalianism has referred to itself as the via media between Roman Catholicism and Protestantism.
Appian gave the same number of infantry and cavalry, but the number of ships was 270.
A semi end dump is a tractor-trailer combination wherein the trailer itself contains the hydraulic hoist.
A yo-yo attack is a specific type of DoS/DDoS aimed at cloud-hosted applications which use autoscaling.
Bacteria and microbes cause it to decompose if it is taken away from its oxygen-free state.
Bellaspira grippi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.
Blood spatter analysis plays an important role in determining what has happened at a crime scene.
Boil the meat and fry with fresh coriander, onions and hot spices and a little garlic.
Certain benign liver tumors, such as hepatocellular adenoma, may sometimes be associated with coexisting malignant HCC.
David Bowie painted a large expressionist portrait of Mishima, which he hung at his Berlin residence.
Diaugasma olyra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Did you know a full-grown elephant Can eat up to 495 pounds of food per day?
Earlier in the development of the genre, school stories avoided dealing with adolescence or puberty directly.
Evan Rusk transported a pallet of currency-grade paper used exclusively to produce the new $100 bill.
Even the construction workers with their shiny red coats and white helmets wore the surgical masks.
For help troubleshooting Xbox One Controller issues, see Xbox One Wireless Controller disconnects or can't connect.
France is currently conducting studies on this matter in preparation of national technical regulation (see http://www.art-telecom.fr/communiques/communiques/index-030502.htm).
Genetic markers have also been found for cystic fibrosis, polycystic kidney disease and many other diseases.
Gymnobela xylona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Himmler begins by discussing partisans in Russia and support from Russian Liberation Army, Vlasov's collaborationist forces.
Humans can be affected by breathing affected water taken into the air by wind and waves.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
Imagine having to life beside a neighbour without laws, without a government, without a central authority.
In an ambush east of Bardia, the British captured the Italian Tenth Army's Engineer-in-Chief, General Lastucci.
In fact, the mountain, it is said, accounts for half the world's high-altitude pulmonary edema cases.
In many liturgical Christian denominations, Good Friday, Holy Saturday, and Easter Sunday form the Easter Triduum.
In some areas boiling water for a minute is enough, in others several minutes are needed.
In that way, we can achieve the centres of excellence for nanotechnology, micro-electronics, health care, etc.
IR data transmission is also employed in short-range communication among computer peripherals and personal digital assistants.
It is actually a vast zone devoid of oxygen, where the basic living organisms have died.
It is assigned to the U.S. Navy's Seventh Fleet and based in Sasebo, Nagasaki in Japan.
Last year's midterm elections in the United States saw a record 117 women elected to Congress.
Louis Napoleon established his campaign headquarters and residence at the Hotel du Rhin on Place Vendôme.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
Most historians look at the end of the Renaissance as the start of the Price Revolution.
Much of the combat involved trench warfare, in which hundreds often died for each metre gained.
My father is still reluctant to convert to Islam but we converse about this religion now.
Nevertheless, there are many distinctive ways of drinking coffee around the world that are worth experiencing.
Not a single window was broken and not a single thing was stolen from the building.
O'Neal was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes at 23, a condition that his mother also had.
People in adolescence who experience repeated withdrawals from binge drinking show impairments of long-term nonverbal memory.
Pure PVC is a rigid material, which is mechanically strong, weather resistant, waterproof and chemical resistant.
Scaffolding systems had been installed on the Secretariat Building for removal of the glass curtain wall.
sea and cloud conditions and phase of the moon at the time of setting the lines
Sellers of ammonium nitrate are required to call us when a large fertilizer order's been placed.
Stephanie investigates Emily's past, speaking to Diana Hyland, an artist who painted a portrait of Emily.
Studies have shown conflicting results about a possible connection between egg consumption and type 2 diabetes.
Testaroli is an ancient pasta that originated from the Etruscan civilization, a civilization of ancient Italy.
The American Medical Association states that television depravity and violence can make some people physically ill.
The catering vehicle consists of a rear body, lifting system, platform and an electro-hydraulic control mechanism.
The chemical reaction which defines the manufacture of high calcium lime is: CaCO3 CaO + CO2.
The Cramp Twins is a British-American animated series created by cartoonist Brian Wood for Cartoon Network.
The Director of Civil Aviation is responsible for the granting of certificates and other aviation documents.
The Essex V4 is a 60° V4 engine with a cast iron cylinder block and heads.
The expansion of the Roman Empire wiped out a considerable number of the original European languages.
The greenhouse effect of CO2 is logarithmic; that is, it is a law of diminishing returns.
The Miami Heat is a pro basketball team part of the NBA and located in Miami.
The mid-19th century saw the prominence of the new sport savate in the combat sports circle.
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
The use of Java-related technology in Android led to a legal dispute between Oracle and Google.
They have a monthly high-stakes poker tournament, today being the day for the month, coincidentally enough.
This is apparently what the framers of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights also thought.
This is becoming less of an issue as lens manufacturers achieve higher standards in lens production.
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen. That is called overscan.
Thus, the main type of activity of a metallurgical combine was the rolling of ferrous metals.
To score a touchdown, a player must take the football into the opposite team's end zone.
Tribulus terrestris is a taprooted herbaceous plant that grows as a summer annual in temperate climates.
Tycho's distinctive contributions to lunar theory include his discovery of the variation of the Moon's longitude.
Unlike the closely related pea, beans are a summer crop that needs warm temperatures to grow.
We have to make absolutely clear that manufacture and production of such materials should be punishable.
When we said no, he threatened to tip off the chief to what we were doing.
Wow, getting a nice preview or what marriage is gonna be like with Ike Turner here.
Yuri Andropov was elected Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet on June 16, 1983.
1 Free ai.type Emoji - the coolest way to write your messages with a variety of 🙏🚄💑...
2:12) Moreover, the Bible says nothing about Jesus as having gone to a heavenly Paradise that day.
A batch type furnace has relatively low initial equipment costs, and can heat each part load separately.
Although television is certainly a marvelous means of educating the young, it can stunt their imaginative powers.
And though we are dead, our fish are on their way to the naval station dummy ship.
As of 2019, C++ is now the fourth most popular programming language, behind Java, C, and Python.
At the end of 2013, Top Up TV ceased broadcasting and sold its subscriber business to Sky.
A variance-stabilising logarithmic transformation may be carried out on the uterine data prior to the data analysis.
Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
Beginning in the twentieth century, many Protestant denominations began re-evaluating the roles of women in their churches.
Bird food plants are certain trees, shrubs and herbaceous plants bearing fruits which afford food for birds.
Cartoon pornography is the portrayal of illustrated or animated fictional cartoon characters in erotic or sexual situations.
Commons Administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his frustration over the deletions when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
"Community trade mark concerned: Word mark "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart PREMIUM" for goods in Classes 30 and 32."
During the 1680s, King James II made several moves to reintroduce Catholicism into the then Anglican university.
Each degree of longitude is sub-divided into 60 minutes, each of which is divided into 60 seconds.
Early behavioral interventions or speech therapy can help children with autism gain self-care, social, and communication skills.
English dramatist and poet William Shakespeare got much of the inspiration for his works from the Bible.
Even though the retailer has control over a TV's price, he or she doesn't determine its value.
Every time an international organization claims that Iran doesn't have a nuclear weapons program, Netanyahu gets angry.
Farmers were out to defend their cattle-sheds, granaries, and ripening root crops with arms in their hands.
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and some relaxing chamomile tea at night.
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
Get creative and decorate your content with 💙, 🐸, 🐒, 🍕, and all the many other emoji.
Gourds include the fruits of some flowering plant species in the family Cucurbitaceae, particularly Cucurbita and Lagenaria.
Ian Shackleton, who had diabetes, fell into a coma and died in 1981 after being denied insulin.
I found that the brain communicates with all the cells in the body via hormones and neurotransmitters.
India is home to 12% of world's recorded flora, some 47000 species of flowering and non-flowering plants.
In the earliest texts of Mahāyāna Buddhism, the path of a bodhisattva was to awaken the bodhicitta.
It has been shown that there is a relation between various neurotransmitters and hormones and aggressive behavior.
It may also explain audience reaction at the 1893 Chicago conference of the World's Parliament of Religions.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
Katarina is a music teacher intent on completing and uncovering the secret behind an unfinished music symphony.
Ladies and gentlemen, please notify the people to stop contributing to global warming and use nature-friendly equipment.
Moss have motile sperm, unlike most plants, who take advantage of their surroundings to transport their gametes.
Most sharks are cold-blooded, but the great white shark, like our friend in there, is partially warm-blooded.
Munditia meridionalis is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Liotiidae.
My neighbour struck me as bordering on repulsive; I knew, through experience, that I was tolerably attractive.
Na0 → Na+ + e− Na+ is incorporated into the NaCl crystal after giving up an electron.
Nikola, did I ever tell you why my father founded the Sanctuary network all those decades ago?
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
Obviously we are talking here about artificial intelligence and so we also have to include that word.
Regular screening has meant that precancerous changes and early-stage cervical cancers have been detected and treated early.
Salomon is also believed to have given the Jupiter nickname to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Symphony No. 41.
Some countries specifically indicated providing assistance with alternative development programmes to eradicate illicit crops to neighbouring countries.
So, on there, you'll find a great out-of-print book by Charles Zimmer called Transitions in Advanced Algebra.
Teff is harvested 2 to 6 months after sowing, when the vegetative parts start to turn yellow.
That means that people are beginning the first step, which is acting out of their own self-interest.
The Amur tiger population was reported to be about 450, probably as high as it could be.
The assumption that current and future climate conditions will resemble the recent past is no longer valid.
The atmospheric pressure at the top of the stratosphere is roughly 1/1000 the pressure at sea level.
The following month, Judge Schlesinger sentenced Awilda Lopez to a term of 15 years to life imprisonment.
The genus includes both annual and perennial herbaceous plants, as well as woody shrubs and small trees.
The great Roman development in building materials was the use of hydraulic lime mortar called Roman cement.
"The media companies routinely lie about the purpose of this, claiming that it is to "prevent piracy.
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
The new Texas government had no funds, so the military was granted the authority to impress supplies.
The player who takes the fewest strokes, or swings of the club, to complete the course wins.
The robot is transparent, just like you would hold a young child during the first insecure steps.
The showroom comprises a large, open space with plasterboard-lined walls and ceilings, and a polished concrete floor.
The solvents used in rubber cement present some hazards, including flammability and potential for abuse as inhalants.
The term Brahmin appears extensively in ancient and medieval Sutras and commentary texts of Buddhism and Jainism.
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
This sextet recorded The Rockets' only album, a self-titled set released in 1968 on White Whale Records.
Thomas Hand was an English painter who was known as a follower and imitator of George Morland.
We know that a cat will play with a mouse and a dog will chase a rabbit.
When appointed to the Liberal leadership, Abbott's Catholicism and moral beliefs became subjects of repeated media questioning.
When harvest occurs in season 2, there is a glut of crop x, leading to low prices.
While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
While stun grenades are designed to limit injury to their targets, permanent hearing loss has been reported.
With the battle for France over, Germany began to get ready to invade the island of Britain.
You know you've really mastered a foreign language when you can write a decent poem in it.
Your arthrogryposis symptoms are worsening, but today's surgery will alleviate the scarring and hopefully the pain, too.
Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
A fly orchid's petals look like flies, and it actually mimics pheromones, which attract hordes of male insects.
After 12 seasons playing at the Estadi Olímpic de Montjuïc, Espanyol moved to the Estadi de Cornellá-El Prat.
A high proportion of crime in any country is perpetrated by young males in their teens and twenties.
All the ships were sunk, except for one British cruiser. Nearly 200 American and German lives were lost.
Also, his children, aged four and six, needed special medical care because of being victims of cystic fibrosis.
A major New York newspaper reports that coastal flooding as a result of global warming is already underway.
An enormous amount of wood was consumed in Gothic construction for scaffolding, platforms, hoists, beams and other uses.
Anyone planning a visit to a country that could be considered a war zone should get professional training.
A pump-jet, hydrojet, or water jet is a marine system that produces a jet of water for propulsion.
Ashley Judd is also an avid martial arts practitioner who enjoys Kickboxing, Judo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kung-Fu, & Taekwondo.
A simple timber frame made of straight vertical and horizontal pieces with a common rafter roof without purlins.
As of 2005, a majority of states (122) were abolitionist, and a minority (73) retained the death penalty.
As the tournament's defending champions, Manchester United automatically qualified for the Champions League group stage as top seeds.
At the present time, it is, for example, expected before partaking of the Eucharist for the first time.
Baszler was a key spokesperson in the movement to create a South Dakota athletic commission for combat sports.
Benefits include improved heart and respiratory function, lower blood pressure, increased muscle strength, denser bones, and clearer thinking.
But, after losing the captain's wicket India only made 36 runs loosing 7 wickets to end the innings.
Chinese martial artists also compete in non-Chinese or mixed combat sports, including boxing, kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts.
Crude oil, gold, diamonds, copper, cobalt, coltan, zinc, tin and so on play a very important role here.
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
He has been traveling all over the country for the last three years conducting seminars on debt-free living.
Historically most farmers were engaged in subsistence agriculture and this is still the case in many developing nations.
Hot blast enabled the use of raw anthracite coal, which was difficult to light, to the blast furnace.
However, economic growth and higher import prices will combine to nudge inflation rates upward in the GCC countries.
However, it has been proven that canine distemper is a virus, that can not be transmitted between species.
Ian Frazer, one of the developers of the Gardasil cervical cancer vaccine, is the scientific advisor to ACCF.
In 1792, in the wake of the French Revolution, some of the furnishings were sold and timber removed.
In De Bello Gallico 6.21-28, Julius Caesar provides his audience with a picture of Germanic lifestyle and culture.
In factories, they are used to control robots that can replace humans in boring, repetitive, or dangerous jobs.
Instead, options should be kept open for all types of mining operation to be covered by this directive.
"Long before Jack London declared this precept, Jesus Christ announced it: "Wisdom is proved righteous by its works.
Manufacturers use many different names to describe their implementation of the various types of variable valve timing systems.
Melanoides is a genus of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.
Millions of images from a variety of furry friends get posted and shared on social media every day.
Mites and springtails make up most terrestrial arthropod species, although various spiders, beetles, and flies can be found.
Most eruptions are caused by the immediate decompression of a magma chamber near the flanks of the volcano.
Nanotechnology, the science of engineering at a nanometer (a billionth of a meter) level, is also inspiring hope.
On 24.9.1759, Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James' Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland.
"Originally sentenced to five years for "inciting mass disorder," he ended up serving 16 months under gulag conditions."
Our continent's livestock must never again be put in jeopardy by failures in one country's Ministry of Agriculture.
People with diabetes mellitus are at higher risk for any kind of peripheral neuropathy, including ulnar nerve entrapments.
Phragmites plants growing on Staten Island draft in a breeze in the Oakwood Beach neighborhood of Staten Island.
Seasonings such as fresh ginger root, garlic, scallion, cilantro and sesame are widely used in many regional cuisines.
(See also Artificial Intelligence; Chips [Electronic]; Diskettes; Electronic Games; E-Mail; Internet; MEPS [Multilanguage Electronic Publishing System]; Video Games)
Select Create Ad-Hoc Network, enter the name you want to use for the wireless network, and select Done.
Self-steering tractors have existed for some time now, as John Deere equipment works like a plane on autopilot.
Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
She's very cute and sings quite well, too, he said according to a transcript of the news conference.
Since there was limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
The alloy of copper and nickel, called cupronickel, is used in low-denomination coins, often for the outer cladding.
The annealed, or heat treated, Alloy 600 was prone to tube denting and thinning due to water chemistry.
The Canal du Midi is a summit-level canal because it must pass over a height between two valleys.
The final score was a one-point victory, 21 to 20, ending the All Blacks' fifteen game winning streak.
The future of European farming lies in organic agriculture and animal husbandry based on traditional and natural methods.
The game is based on the Second Battle of Fallujah, a vicious battle between American and Iraqi forces.
The International Olympic Committee code for Czechoslovakia is TCH, which is still used in historical listings of results.
The Lourinha Museum is at present very small, considering the extraordinary cultural and scientific significance of its exhibits.
The most common type of stainless steel contains 18% of nickel, but it can contain up to 30%.
There are many French wines to be had, but the New Zealand and Australian wines might travel better.
The red panda lives exclusively in the Himalayan mountain chain (even on the lower slopes of Mount Everest).
The robot provided the safe environment to allow the rat to attempt anything to engage the paralyzed legs.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington and the Episcopal Diocese of Delaware oversee the parishes within their denominations.
The store of information and the if-then process give such expert systems the appearance of intelligence -artificial intelligence.
The Sámediggi is a democratically elected body whose representatives are elected by and from among the Saami people.
The various behavioral approaches to treating relapse focus on the precursors and consequences of drug taking and reinstatement.
The victory of the Communist Partisans resulted in the abolition of the monarchy and a subsequent constitutional referendum.
Three days after Brian's car was stolen, he cashed in a savings bond in the amount of $25,000.
Tomorrow's breakfast will be comprised of hydrated protein packets, bacon and egg flavor, as well as orange juice.
We learned to fly like birds and swim like fishes, but we forgot how to live like humans.
While she wages war on the inside, you must do the same on the outside as a soldier.
Zinc alloy electroplating is an electrogalvanization process for corrosion protection of metal surfaces and increasing their wear resistance.
After fifteen minutes the tables exit through another glass door, the patients' five-step operation for myopia, or nearsightedness, completed.
"A largely intact example of a "Victorian" era water pump survives next to the Dusk water within the clachan."
Americans increasingly recognize the risks climate change poses to their everyday lives and livelihoods and are beginning to respond.
BlockDos provides protection against DDoS threats to small to large enterprises in various sectors, including Government, Gaming and Education.
Both Sri Lankan and north Indian traditions assert that Ashoka was a violent person before his conversion to Buddhism.
Building a cathedral required enormous quantities of stone, as well as timber for the scaffolding and iron for reinforcement.
Carbon concentration in cement spans from ≈5% in cement structures to ≈8% in the case of roads in cement.
Circa 1805 Joseph Hickel painted a portrait of Adamberger, from which Johann Maria Monsomo produced a miniature of her.
Climate change can increase atmospheric methane levels by increasing methane production in natural ecosystems, forming a Climate change feedback.
Concrete bricks are available in many colours and as an engineering brick made with sulfate-resisting Portland cement or equivalent.
During the Middle Ages, honor was fundamental to the life of the free man and of the Christian man.
Early digital fax machines such as the Bartlane cable picture transmission system preceded digital cameras and computers by decades.
Felicia, once a Category 4 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating Tuesday.
Filipino American gay, lesbian, transgender, and bisexual identities are often shaped by immigration status, generation, religion, and racial formation.
For a country with relatively few natural resources, we are left to work with our own ingenuity and discipline.
For example, consider the rabbit, which depends on its speed to stay out of the clutches of the fox.
Four-piston disc brakes will kill speed quickly and smoothly Allowing you to keep your foot on the gas longer.
Fox Network paid $80 million for the broadcasting rights of The Lost World, which debuted on November 1, 1998.
From the summer of 1782, French planters fleeing the Haitian Revolution began arriving in the port with their slaves.
Furthermore it can solve the problem of creating a better basis for starting up medicine production in developing countries.
Gestational diabetes resembles type 2 diabetes in several respects, involving a combination of relatively inadequate insulin secretion and responsiveness.
He did not set a figure for the cuts, saying they will be made based on China's economic output.
Hitler also knew, which is why he transferred his elite panzer divisions from the Eastern Front to the West.
Hoists and cranes driven by steam power expanded the capacity of manual labour to lift and move heavy goods.
How scaffolding is to be erected and jobs carried out must be decided in the light of national conditions.
Hydraulic systems like the ones mentioned above will work most efficiently if the hydraulic fluid used has zero compressibility.
In addition to bony fish and cephalopods, macrolecithal eggs are found in cartilaginous fish, reptiles, birds and monotreme mammals.
In general, farmers only apply micronutrients when crops show deficiency symptoms, while micronutrient deficiencies decrease yields before symptoms appear.
In just two weeks the Americans and Free French forces had liberated southern France and were turning towards Germany.
Instead of eyes, the robots use communication technologies; instead of a lateral line, they use a laser range finder.
In the engine room, engineers attempted to pump water out of the flooding starboard tanks, but to no avail.
In the old days families did not have radios, stereo sets, television, movies or other modern forms of entertainment.
In the past, we always carried a rifle, especially when guiding night tours, but now we never take one.
In the privacy of his home a person can enjoy a Shakespeare drama, the Metropolitan Opera, ballet and concerts.
Its common name derives from its semelparous nature of flowering only once at the end of its long life.
Larger species, such as monitor lizards, can feed on larger prey including fish, frogs, birds, mammals and other reptiles.
Later reports then stated the plane received a bomb threat and was diverted back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
Lomatium lucidum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name shiny biscuitroot.
Marriage should be undertaken only when we are physically, mentally, and spiritually ready to take on an enduring partnership.
maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
Metal whiskering is a crystalline metallurgical phenomenon involving the spontaneous growth of tiny, filiform hairs from a metallic surface.
Modern row crop tractors have rollover protection systems in the form of a reinforced cab or a roll bar.
More than 3,000 nickel alloys are now commonly used in items ranging from stainless steel sinks to space ships.
Most historians agree Galileo did not act out of malice and felt blindsided by the reaction to his book.
Multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy, cerebral palsy, cystic fibrosis, even the common cold, still would not give up their secrets.
My parents cut me a generous check to help me get out from under all my credit card debt.
On December 19 the Confederate infantry and artillery crossed the Duck River at Columbia, destroying the bridges behind them.
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
Organic weed management promotes weed suppression, rather than weed elimination, by enhancing crop competition and phytotoxic effects on weeds.
Pharaohs are often depicted with the emblems of Maat to emphasise their role in upholding the laws and righteousness.
Planting roses in the flower bed and also waiting for me at the bench with the porridge you bought.
Posts on Medium are sorted by topic rather than by writer, unlike most blogging platforms, including Williams' earlier Blogger.
Prior to migration, the bird undergoes a change in metabolism; so it begins to store large quantities of fat.
Ritual purity is essential for an Israelite to be able to approach Yahweh and remain part of the community.
That was almost twice as many as those written about William Shakespeare, who occupied second place with 9,801 books.
The crash occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and is believed to have been the result of hostile fire.
The female platypus, by the way, raises her young alone; these mammals give no evidence of long-term pair bonding.
The genus comprises herbaceous perennial plants, rarely subshrubs, with spiny leaves and flower spikes bearing white or purplish flowers.
The Germanic tribes against Rome in the Teutoburg Forest had far-reaching consequences on the history of the Roman empire.
The investors showed little interest in Tesla's ideas for new types of alternating current motors and electrical transmission equipment.
The known effects of these fungicides upon reproduction are explicable by interaction with the microtubules of the spindle apparatus.
The noodles can also be drained and dry-roasted, which diminishes bitterness and gives the noodles a more pasta-like consistency.
The only indigenous mammals are a few species of bats and some large marine mammals, including whales and dolphins.
The peony or paeony is a flowering plant in the genus Paeonia, the only genus in the family Paeoniaceae.
The pilot controls the roll of the plane by raising one aileron or the other with a control wheel.
The prosecution demanded that Hawkin face the ultimate penalty for the crime of which he was accused - death.
The punishment for defamation is a simple imprisonment for up to two years or with fine or with both.
The Russian victory over the French Army in 1812 was a significant blow to Napoleon's ambitions of European dominance.
The scale of DDoS attacks has continued to rise over recent years, by 2016 exceeding a terabit per second.
The section Paeonia, which comprises all other herbaceous species, occurs in a band stretching roughly from Morocco to Japan.
These volunteer workers trained the local brothers in different trades, such as concrete work, tile setting, and furniture making.
The theory of chemical evolution proposes that life on earth developed by spontaneous chemical reaction billions of years ago.
the third level is composed of the different food products within the three ready-to-eat food categories to be sampled
The use of abstraction in computer programming allows us to create and understand the behavior of very complex software.
The use of chrism in Anglican and Lutheran ordination liturgies is similarly presented as an option in most provinces.
The year they got elected to congress and to Presidency, even the place they were assassinated are freaky matches.
Two companies in particular, Clear Channel and the Infinity Broadcasting unit of Viacom, own roughly half the nation's airwaves.
When the financial crisis sent the metal higher in 2008, central banks started buying again and are still accumulating.
While blogging for The Times, Silver also worked on his book about prediction, which was published in September 2012.
With our savings from the last thirty years, we've bought a one bedroom flat in Palavas-les-Flots by the seaside.
Without a word, he put the envelopes back on the table and went downstairs to join his fellow agents.
With the United States Declaration of Independence the leaders of the revolt firmly rejected the monarchy and embraced republicanism.
Wudang's martial arts have their origins in the Shaolin Sect, although they are based on Taoism rather than Buddhism.
1997, Nekrošius produced one of his most successful directions - Hamlet by William Shakespeare, starring Lithuanian music idol Andrius Mamontovas.
According to the report, the ice masses on the Himalayas have been thinning and retreating since global warming set in.
According to the World Health Organization, the East Africa region has the highest rate of cervical cancer in the world.
After the wound is healed, another chemical reaction is triggered to break down the fibrin threads and dissolve the clot.
A German soldier stood by the ticket-puncher; the old man checked and turned back to the girl in senile bewilderment.
As noted earlier on, the first-round Kyoto emissions limitation commitments are not sufficient to stabilize the atmospheric concentration of GHGs.
Assured of the support of Napoleon III, Count Cavour began to prepare the army of Piedmont-Sardinia for war against Austria.
At an anti-aging conference, one researcher suggested that 21st-century physicians might employ nanotechnology to enable man to become physically immortal.
Because of my farming experience, I was asked to help at the Bethel farm that was operating at the time.
Because of the difference in climate, the same crop is not cultivated in the North and East of the country.
Because the supertechnological information society will be capable of manufacturing greater and greater wealth with a smaller and smaller workforce.
Blonde features an abstract, atmospheric sound in comparison to Ocean's previous work, and utilizes a variety of unconventional musical elements.
But one thing he clearly recognized even now, and that was that it would never supersede his affection for Berenice.
Christianity has continued the practice of using holy anointing oil as a devotional practice, as well as in various liturgies.
Coffee is one of the world's most traded commodities, and you can probably find many types in your home region.
Finally, after a long, mystical sleep in which the tools of scientific inquiry lay moldering the Ionian approach was rediscovered.
For 10-carat gold, the gold volume in the alloy represents about 26% of the total volume for standard yellow gold.
Group 3 and 4 faxes are digital formats and take advantage of digital compression methods to greatly reduce transmission times.
His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
Hybrid power trains use diesel-electric or turbo-electric to power railway locomotives, buses, heavy goods vehicles, mobile hydraulic machinery, and ships.
I had this idea which was to dramatise the anxiety attacks I suffer every night and which keep me awake.
In 1990 Zinc Software released its first software development package Zinc Interface Library as a tool for Borland Turbo C++.
In 2015, Paige Braddock began writing lesbian romance novels with publisher Bold Strokes Books under the pen name, Missouri Vaun.
In a conversation with my professor, it became clear to me that the legacy of this poet deserves greater regard.
Inflation for three consecutive years to 1999 has been particularly low and 1999 recorded the lowest rate in 17 years.
In June 2008, the Commission launched a website15 dedicated to 112 that provides information in all the official EU languages.
In non-flowering seed plants, pollen germinates in the pollen chamber, located beneath the micropyle, underneath the integuments of the ovule.
Its remnants produced showers across most of the islands, though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported.
Live trees are typically grown as a crop and replanted in rotation after cutting, often providing suitable habitat for wildlife.
Macleaya cordata, the five-seeded plume-poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae, which is used ornamentally.
Metal nibs have their origins as far back as ancient Egypt and were made of metals like copper and bronze.
Napoleon reckoned that he would need careful planning and superior forces, before he could attempt another crossing of the Danube.
Nitroglycerin has been used in conjunction with hydraulic fracturing, a process used to recover oil and gas from shale formations.
Objects such as patens and chalices, used for the sacrament of the Eucharist, are consecrated by a bishop, using chrism.
One in a Million was nominated for Favorite Female R&B album at the third annual Blockbuster Entertainment Awards in 1997.
One man died, and most of the others had skin, kidney, and respiratory illnesses from the toxic brew on board.
"One report says: "Scientists who have lived closely with beasts and studied them have found that all mammals are emotional.
On July 7 the second personal witness to members of Parliament, to the press and to public officials was given.
Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
Pollen apertures are regions of the pollen wall that may involve exine thinning or a significant reduction in exine thickness.
Precision agriculture, as the name implies, means application of precise and correct amount of inputs like water, fertilizer, pesticides etc.
Quite a few well-known people were on hand, including a member of parliament and the editor of a daily newspaper.
School officials released a statement claiming that an investigation... into those responsible for the party... and subsequent riot is underway.
Student loan debt rose from $600 billion a decade ago to more than $1.4 trillion by the end of 2018.
Such feelings suppressed over the years have led to ulcers, asthma, and skin complaints, reports The Sunday Times of London.
The chain pump is type of a water pump in which several circular discs are positioned on an endless chain.
The farmers want their damaged irrigation canals repaired today; their harvest cannot be delayed until a final agreement is reached.
The financial situation of the United Nations could not be isolated from the serious financial crisis currently affecting the world.
The investigation has shown that all black colorformers share the same basic chemical characteristics, i.e. the same basic molecule (C26H16N2O3).
The Microsoft Exchange Server Analyzer Tool reads the following registry entry to determine if Media Sense Detection is configured correctly:
The more we learn about elephant cognition, the more we learn about the evolution of behavior and intelligence in general.
There are implementations of bcrypt for C, C++, C#, Elixir, Go, Java, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, and other languages.
There are several independent brigades including seven mechanised infantry brigades, eight armoured brigades, four artillery brigades, and nine engineer brigades.
There were a lot of teachers from Australia and New Zealand at the English conversation school I went to previously.
The safety provisions for construction and asbestos abatement for the capital master plan have generally been appropriately organized and applied.
These gaps are bridged by chemicals called neurotransmitters, 30 of which are known, but the brain may possess many more.
The Soviet Union offered support to the partisans in many Wehrmacht-occupied countries in Central Europe, notably those in Slovakia, Poland.
The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on July 21,356 BCE in an act of arson committed by Herostratus.
They then dug a trench and covered it with metal plates and dirt to create a sewer with a manhole.
This is an episodes' list of The Cramp Twins, a Cartoon Network European original animated series created by Brian Wood.
This subheading includes building blocks and bricks of porous concrete with a density in hardened form not exceeding 1,7 kg/dm3
Today it is estimated that there are over fifty different compositions of materials and alloys available to the spring manufacturer.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
Tran is depicted as Christian, despite 85% of Vietnamese people practicing Buddhism and less than 7% of them practicing Christianity.
Unfortunately, there is a real danger that we may see the opposite, with the euro going to $1.50 or beyond.
Windpumps were used to pump water since at least the 9th century in what is now Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan.
Would it not perhaps be better to take the decisions concerning safety on scaffolding closer to the building sites concerned?
According to Ansa, police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
Almost all human cases of rabies were fatal until a vaccine was developed in 1885 by Louis Pasteur and Émile Roux.
Also, following joint public hearings, the legislature adopted the $ 371.9 million national budget for fiscal year 2009/10 in record time.
Analysis of the impact of the spring-summer drought and the abundant rain in August 2008 on winter cereals production in Latvia
An organochloride, organochlorine compound, chlorocarbon, or chlorinated hydrocarbon is an organic compound containing at least one covalently bonded atom of chlorine.
Anyone violating the law can be punished with imprisonment up to 2 years or fine up to ₹ 1,000 or both.
A simple analogy for an electric circuit is water flowing in a closed circuit of pipework, driven by a mechanical pump.
As of 24 June, it was revealed that 55 new cases of new coronavirus were confirmed in Tokyo on the 24th.
But I ran a search for convicted felons local to the area who've committed acts of violence in a public park.
Cannabis sativa is an annual herbaceous flowering plant indigenous to eastern Asia but now of cosmopolitan distribution due to widespread cultivation.
Compounds found in curry tree leaves, stems, bark, and seeds include cinnamaldehyde, and numerous carbazole alkaloids, including mahanimbine, girinimbine, and mahanine.
Contrariwise, Sykes notes a high degree of commonality in Anglican liturgical forms and in the doctrinal understandings expressed within those liturgies.
During the early Renaissance, the Greek language and, along with it, Plato's texts were reintroduced to Western Europe by Byzantine scholars.
Earlier this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA.
Especially when using social network analysis as a tool for facilitating change, different approaches of participatory network mapping have proven useful.
Excessive phosphorus can make for excessive production of autotrophs, like algae and cyanobacteria, leading to eutrophication in an inorganic nutrient pathway.
Following these revelations, billionaire Robert Mercer ceased his support for Yiannopoulous and condemned him, as did Yiannopoulous's former employer Steve Bannon.
Footwork is a martial arts and combat sports term for the general usage of the legs and feet in stand-up fighting.
For our part we have to realise that we must have greater military capability in order to back up our actions.
Guatemala has some 1246 known species of amphibians, birds, mammals and reptiles according to figures from the World Conservation Monitoring Centre.
He played his junior rugby league for the Valley Dragons and South Tuggeranong Knights before being signed by the Canberra Raiders.
Hundreds of species of mammals, birds, fish, reptiles, and amphibians have been documented, including several that are either endangered or threatened.
Improving water management in agriculture requires an improvement in soil moisture conservation measures and a reduction in wastage of irrigation water.
In 1935 we went on another expedition and collected many live animals and tried to shoot a giant panda, without success.
In 2010, Netflix's stock price increased 219% to $175.70 and it added eight million subscribers, bringing its total to 20 million.
In fact, the Kurds have been represented in the National Assembly by members democratically elected in three secret and direct ballots.
In Flanders between 10 and 20 percent of professors and lecturers teaching in English did not attain the required language level.
Inflation suddenly takes hold - an unimaginably rapid expansion of space smoothly spreading out that energy, bringing order to the Universe.
In Hungarian cuisine, the derelye is similar to pierogi, consisting of pasta pockets filled with jam, cottage cheese, or sometimes meat.
In most parishes of the Anglican Communion the Eucharist is celebrated every Sunday, having replaced Morning Prayer as the principal service.
"In other words, besides the original "fire triangle" of fuel, heat and oxygen, they add the fourth essential of chemical reaction."
Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
In that granite book, begun by the Orient, continued by Greek and Roman antiquity, the Middle Ages wrote the last page.
In the Energy sector, gas pipeline and power station projects in Argentina and Brazil absorbed 29% of total financing (€158 million).
In the Niger, for instance, testing and improving traditional soil and water conservation techniques had resulted in substantial improvements in yield.
Julius Caesar had been preparing to invade Parthia, the Caucasus, and Scythia, and then march back to Germania through Eastern Europe.
Karate is implemented in Java but test-scripts are written in Gherkin since Karate was originally an extension of the Cucumber framework.
Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts.
Lieutenant colonel Geva had been sentenced to 60 days imprisonment, and his rank was demoted from Lieutenant Colonel to a Major.
Like the trees in a forest these giant algae provide food and shelter for the many organisms dependent on these plants.
Man-made climate change is getting worse, and global warming will soon hurt biodiversity as much as all the other problems combined.
Mental chronometry measures the elapsed time between the presentation of a sensory stimulus and the subsequent behavioral response by the participant.
Mercantilism arose in France in the early 16th century soon after the monarchy had become the dominant force in French politics.
More than 60 countries and international organizations have undertaken with us to help the democratically elected Afghan Government rebuild its country.
Most historians agree that Jesus or his followers established a new Jewish sect, one that attracted both Jewish and gentile converts.
n the structure of the agricultural production 70% is from the crop field production, and 30% is from the livestock production.
Oil pulling stems from traditional Ayurvedic medicine, whose practitioners may use sunflower oil or other herbal oils instead of coconut oil.
Okay, then we still need to go to the station and have the techs take a look at it for you.
One time while I was in gym class, she stole all my clothes and left an elf costume in my locker.
"Our guide informed us: "We will now be entering an area that was occupied by Soviet partisans during World War II.
"Perry specifically said",There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case.
Pola is mainly a farmer's festival, wherein farmers respect their bulls and oxen, to thank them for their support in farming.
PVA is used in a variety of medical applications because of its biocompatibility, low tendency for protein adhesion, and low toxicity.
Rating sites usually provide some features of social network services and online communities such as discussion forums messaging, and private messaging.
Ricinus communis, the castor bean or castor oil plant, is a species of perennial flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae.
San Francisco is also one of the best places in the nation for other Asian cuisine: Korean, Thai, Indian, and Japanese.
She chanced upon the fields of a man named Boaz, a wealthy landowner and a relative of Naomi's dead husband, Elimelech.
Small portable battery-powered misting fans, consisting of an electric fan and a hand-operated water spray pump, are sold as novelty items.
So she decided to sit in front of the missionary home at a table full of publications and speak to passersby.
The boxing competition allows for a demonstration by the various martial arts schools to help promote themselves and their Chinese culture.
The cargo crane is present at the end of the loading dock attached to the rear of number 2 wharf shed.
The church is more liberal than mainstream Catholicism, occasionally falling within the confines of heresy or outright contradiction of Church teaching.
The continual companion of bread in the Church is wine which is also seen with it in the Eucharist and Prosphora.
The dear enemy effect has been observed in a wide range of animals including mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, fish and invertebrates.
The fact that diamonds have become for the most part a symbol of love, romance, and marriage is not without design.
"The governor also stated",Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient.
Their fare was monotonous: sour-dough bread, bacon, beans, and an occasional dish of rice cooked along with a handful of prunes.
The keywork of most modern woodwinds, including wooden-bodied instruments, is also usually made of an alloy such as nickel silver/German silver.
The Mitsubishi 4B4 engine is the newest all-alloy inline four-cylinder engines from Mitsubishi Motors, based on the 4A9 engine from 2004.
The third social network game, The Idolmaster SideM, was released on February 28, 2014 on the Mobage platform for mobile devices.
The transport of building materials was facilitated by scaffolding and a steam crane that lifted the material to the construction site.
the water catchment area of Erms from the source to the barrier 200 m downstream of the farm Strobel, Anlage Seeburg
This big, brown-and-white speckled bird has been called the crying bird because it sounds like a grief-stricken human wailing in despair.
Thus, the four-movement layout was by this point standard for the string quartet, and overwhelmingly the most common for the symphony.
Tombac, as it is spelled in French, or tombak, is a brass alloy with high copper content and 5-20% zinc content.
Unlike television, print, and radio, social-media platforms like Facebook or Twitter are self-regulating - and are not very good at it.
While magic shows, pantomimes, clowns, and comedy still drew crowds in local theaters, the events in the arena were very different.
6 With Einstein's famous equation E=mc2, scientists explain that all matter is nothing more than energy locked up in the basic atoms.
According to Brown and musicologists Hans Keller and Daniel Zhitomirsky, Tchaikovsky found his solution to large-scale structure while composing the Fourth Symphony.
A cement is a binder, a substance used for construction that sets, hardens, and adheres to other materials to bind them together.
Alaska is warming faster than any other state and has warmed twice as fast as the global average since the mid-20th century.
An eared seal or otariid or otary is any member of the marine mammal family Otariidae, one of three groupings of pinnipeds.
An example of a basin caused by lithospheric stretching is the North Sea - also an important location for significant hydrocarbon reserves.
Archaeologists in Egypt have announced the discovery of the tomb of an ancient priestess of Hathor, the goddess of fertility and childbirth.
As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
Asphalt shingles is the most used roofing material in North America, making up as much as 75% of all steep slope roofs.
As with most members of the genus, the Eastern Woodrat feeds opportunistically on nuts, seeds, fungi, buds, stems, roots, foliage, and fruits.
At times of low electrical demand, excess generation capacity is used to pump water from a lower source into a higher reservoir.
A very prominent king in Ghana, accompanied by the queen mother and the king's chiefs and elders, attended one of these assemblies.
Buddhism has faced various challenges and changes during the colonisation of Buddhist states by Christian countries and its persecution under modern states.
Buying food in supermarkets is usually the cheapest way to get fed. Without cooking opportunities, choices are however limited to ready-made food.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
From the Pennsylvanian subperiod of the Carboniferous period until well into the Permian, the most successful insects were primitive relatives of cockroaches.
Fully trained carpenters and joiners will often move into related trades such as shop fitting, scaffolding, bench joinery, maintenance and system installation.
Heron of Alexandria created the world's first steam engine over a thousand years before it was finally reinvented during the Industrial Revolution.
In 1978 students at Minneapolis, Minnesota's Hennepin Vocational Technical Center, converted a Volkswagen Beetle to a petro-hydraulic hybrid with off-the shelf components.
In certain product groups, for example, window frames, many firms are already using calcium-zinc compounds as a substitute for this stabiliser today.
In comparison to many pinniped species, and in contrast to otariid pinnipeds, harbor seals are generally regarded to be more vocally reticent.
In some countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices.
In the 2011 Canadian census, 65.4 percent of the population belonged to Christian denominations, the most common being Roman Catholicism at 38.4%.
In the eastern Pacific, the copper shark is rare and little fishery information is available, leading to an assessment of Data Deficient.
In the Renaissance, the academic status of mathematics declined, because it was strongly associated with trade and commerce, and considered somewhat un-Christian.
It also subtracted federal taxes, which fell from 19% of pretax income for middle-income households in 1980 to just 11.5% in 2010.
Large populations of megaherbivores have the potential to contribute greatly to the atmospheric concentration of methane, which is an important greenhouse gas.
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
Lynch completed the London Marathon in 1982, played in several charity football matches and took part in Michael Parkinson's Celebrity Cricket fundraisers.
Microsoft Exchange Unified Messaging (UM) relies on certified fax partner solutions for enhanced fax features such as outbound fax or fax routing.
Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
n 2011, DARPA, which has a modest (by defense standards) annual budget of $3 billion, slated $240 million for neuroscience research alone.
On 24 March 2016, he was found guilty of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity, and sentenced to 40 years imprisonment.
On average, girls begin puberty around ages 10-11 and end puberty around 15-17; boys begin around ages 11-12 and end around 16-17.
Once this is understood, then we may keep in proper perspective the great boon robots can be in delivering us from drudgery.
Onset of symptoms typically occurs during adolescence or young adulthood, although symptoms suggestive of this disorder can sometimes be observed in children.
Our survival, as you so assiduously remind me, my dear, at frequent intervals, depends on Mr Collins thinking of us with affection.
Populus is a genus of 25-30 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae, native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Raw material should not be obtained from primary forest and other (primary) wooded land; designated nature protection areas; and highly biodiverse grassland
Royal High Corstorphine RFC is a former Edinburgh rugby union club, formed from the merger of the Royal HSFP and Corstorphine RFC.
"Russia's 2015 budget draws down the oil-revenue-funded Reserve Fund by $53 billion to fund "government programs," leaving $40 billion for the future."
Scientists admit that there will be no major breakthroughs soon in producing artificial intelligence, despite the increased capabilities of upcoming computer systems.
Since 1991 the Mégaron -a majestic marble building with exceptional acoustics-has offered a year-round venue for opera, ballet, and classical music performances.
Some febrile symptoms intervening at the same time (for the pulse was exuberant and indicated much phlebotomy), I apprehended an immediate mortification.
Testosterone, an androgen secreted by the testes, will cause changes in the cartilages and musculature of the larynx for males during puberty.
The American Cancer Society says the sooner smokers stop smoking, the more they can reduce their chances of cancer and other diseases.
The arches used in Romanesque architecture are nearly always semicircular, for openings such as doors and windows, for vaults and for arcades.
The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
The Cumberland Plateau rises to the west of the Tennessee Valley; this area is covered with flat-topped mountains separated by sharp valleys.
The Danish Monarchy is constitutional and as such, the role of the monarch is defined and limited by the Constitution of Denmark.
The game publisher Konami stated today in a Japanese newspaper that they will not be releasing the game Six Days in Fallujah.
The Haitian Revolution of 1804, the only successful slave revolt in human history, precipitated the end of slavery in all French colonies.
The Housing Council is a not-for-profit organization established in 1992, since when it has provided soft housing loans to low-and middle-income households.
The idea of the royal touch promoted the power of the monarchy, but the ceremony was seldom performed in the 16th century.
The opposing Russian forces were commanded by Pavel Liprandi and included approximately 20 battalions of infantry supported by over 50 artillery pieces.
There are many types of aliens/alien zombies including ones that shoot, punch, fire rockets, and throw things like bricks, grenades, and barrels.
The recipe is simple: add a layer of fish and then a layer of sea salt successively until the barrel is full.
The rugged terrain of the Jura and the Alps are very sparsely populated, except for some large valleys such as the Valais.
The Russian government intended to charge the Greenpeace campaigners with piracy and hooliganism, which carried a maximum penalty of fifteen years imprisonment.
The separated gases are detected by thermal conductivity detector for atmospheric gases, by flame ionization detector for hydrocarbons and oxides of carbon.
The Wehrmacht lacked a proper smoke grenade to allow infantry to cover advances or retreats, or blind foes while assaulting a position.
This conclusion about reflected light applies to all points on the parabola, as is shown on the left side of the diagram.
To disconnect a wireless controller, press and hold the Guide button for three seconds, and then choose to turn the controller off.
To opt out, change the SSID (name) of your Wi-Fi access point (your wireless network name) so that it ends with "_nomap".
What are the implications of usury rules for market integration (including any relationship with products such as equity release and mortgage insurance)?
When Congress is dysfunctional, we should draw our congressional districts to encourage politicians to cater to common sense and not rigid extremes.
Why is it unreasonable to give way to extreme worry about food and clothing and to begin to slacken in spiritual pursuits?
"You know, the Army doesn't make you drag some bloody corpse into the Pentagon every five years, to renew your "soldier's licence.
ABCB4 gene has been observed progressively downregulated in Human papillomavirus-positive neoplastic keratinocytes derived from uterine cervical preneoplastic lesions at different levels of malignancy.
A blockbuster is a work of entertainment-typically used to describe a feature film, but also other media-that is highly popular and financially successful.
A lateral eruptions or lateral blast is a volcanic eruption which is directed laterally from a volcano rather than upwards from the summit.
Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian, and Korean-language programs, for television, the web, and mobile devices.
A metallurgical assay is a compositional analysis of an ore, metal, or alloy, usually performed in order to test for purity or quality.
Another apparently Western invention is the use of emoticons like *,..,* or ';..; ́ to indicate vampires or other mythical beasts with fangs.
Another view of the Buddhist theory of the self, especially in early Buddhism, is that the Buddhist theory is essentially an eliminativist theory.
A parabola can be used as a trisectrix, that is it allows the exact trisection of an arbitrary angle with straightedge and compass.
A related exposure treatment is in vivo exposure, a Cognitive Behavioral Therapy method, that gradually exposes patients to the feared situations or objects.
A soldier on the march is hemmed in and borne along by his regiment as much as a sailor is by his ship.
Because it was a demonstration aircraft, the Bird of Prey used a commercial off-the-shelf turbofan engine and manual hydraulic controls rather than fly-by-wire.
Buddhism warns that as this level is similar to the concept of one's ego, being controlled by this consciousness can lead to insecurity.
But at the age of two, Silvia was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis, an incurable disease that causes increasingly severe respiratory and digestive problems.
But the country that also has the technology to process split-second decisions or aim its firepower more accurately clearly holds a trump card.
By extreme hard work and good conduct, convicts may earn a remission not exceeding 1/6 of the total period of imprisonment awarded them.
Christian denominations differ in their understanding of whether they may celebrate the Eucharist with those with whom they are not in full communion.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
Depending on the temperature at which it is applied, asphalt is categorized as hot mix, warm mix, half warm mix, or cold mix.
Despite its remote habitat, however, the red panda is struggling to survive because of destruction of the bamboo forests on which it feeds.
Dismissal is when the employer chooses to require the employee to leave, usually for a reason which is the fault of the employee.
During his 2 hour speech he stated that Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, We are going to make history today.
During the financial crisis the FISIM price index showed to be very volatile which introduced additional volatility and unpredictability in the overall CPI.
Earth's climate is now changing faster than at any point in the history of modern civilization, primarily as a result of human activities.
E.g. the electronic social security system in Belgium involved process re-engineering with 2,000 social security institutions at national, regional and local level (https://www.socialsecurity.be/).
Euphorbia characias, the Mediterranean spurge or Albanian spurge, is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae typical of the Mediterranean vegetation.
Extractive metallurgy is a branch of metallurgical engineering wherein process and methods of extraction of metals from their natural mineral deposits are studied.
Fortunately, there are also those who are creating a new world by taking care of the other, even out of their own pockets.
Greenland ice cores show evidence of a large volcanic eruption in 1642 ± 5 BCE, which was suggested as being associated with Santorini.
He did not pretend to any affection for his employer, as he probably would have done had he been involved in any way.
HPV vaccines protect against two to seven high-risk strains of this family of viruses and may prevent up to 90% of cervical cancers.
I don't have much interest in sports games like soccer or baseball, but I do like seeing weird or outstanding plays in them.
In 2011 a portrait of Pertwee, painted by a local artist, was unveiled in the Dad's Army Museum, Thetford where it now resides.
In August 1943, along with Globočnik, Stangl was transferred to Trieste, where he helped organize the campaign against Yugoslav partisans and local Jews.
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied section of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
In professional wrestling, the referee's on-stage purpose is similar to that of referees in combat sports such as boxing or mixed martial arts.
In the eastern part of the Roman Empire, both Latin and Greek were used as administrative languages, but Greek dominated among the people.
In the Java virtual machine, internal type signatures are used to identify methods and classes at the level of the virtual machine code.
It was found to be the best as regards the quality and intensity of its aroma and as regards succulence, flavour and tenderness.
Many fantasy football leagues hold draft parties, when league players get together to select their team's players before the start of the season.
Matvey put his hands in his jacket pockets, thrust out one leg, and gazed silently, good-humoredly, with a faint smile, at his master.
Morris's development of a behavioral theory of signs-i.e., semiotics-is partly due to his desire to unify logical positivism with behavioral empiricism and pragmatism.
Nichiren Daishonin, founder of Nichiren Buddhism, theorised that one can transform one's karma in this lifetime by achieving the final level of consciousness.
Other creatures include badgers, bats, bobcats, coyotes, kit foxes, kangaroo rats, mountain lions, porcupines, rabbit, skunks, wild burros, lizards, snakes, and desert tortoises.
People who choose to run a marathon on all seven continents are generally considered to be a part of the 7 continents club.
Plasterers often use gypsum plaster to simulate the appearance of surfaces of wood, stone, or metal, on movie and theatrical sets for example.
Prunus serrulata is widely grown as a flowering ornamental tree, both in its native countries and throughout the temperate regions of the world.
Researchers hope that imitating the dexterous properties of the elephant's trunk will help them develop superior robots for both domestic and industrial use.
Several examples exist however of specific modules for co-operative management training (including distance learning) and even of dedicated university courses for co-operative entrepreneurs.
Studying Earth's climate system is particularly challenging because it integrates many aspects of a complex natural system as well as many human-made systems.
Subsistence agriculture is agriculture carried out for the production of enough food to meet just the needs of the agriculturalist and his/her family.
That rating enables the Government to seek financing at the most favourable interest rates and to issue bonds independently of specific tax revenues.
The community irritation led to current efforts to draft a policy regarding sexual content for the site which hosts millions of openly-licensed media.
The development of Cyrillic typography passed directly from the medieval stage to the late Baroque, without a Renaissance phase as in Western Europe.
The farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if he knows that a payout is forthcoming.
The group of animals known as Pinnipeds covers a total of 33 species of seal, sea lion, fur seal, elephant seal and walrus.
The incoming cabinet will include new ministries for Kosovo, economy and regional development, infrastructure, telecommunications and IT, the environment, and youth and sports.
The late-2000s recession began with the bursting of the U.S. housing bubble, which caused a problem in the dangerously exposed sub prime-mortgage market.
The Newham club was extremely close to the site of the 2012 Olympic Games and a number of athletes competed at the event.
The pit is either heated with hot stones from a fire, or in some places geothermal heat makes areas of ground naturally hot.
The popularity of the notion of absolute monarchy declined substantially after the French Revolution, which promoted theories of government based on popular sovereignty.
The ranges are subdivided by several deeply indented river valleys, mostly running east-west, including the Inn, Salzach, Enns, Adige, Drava and Mur valleys.
The Romance Op. 40 is scored for violin solo and an orchestra composed of strings, two oboes, two bassoons, two horns and flute.
These typically take the form of income tax holidays, exemption from customs duties and sales taxes, lower expatriate personnel taxation and so on.
The tropic bird, the masked booby, the brown booby, the magnificent frigate bird, and the sooty tern all have breeding colonies on Abrolhos.
The United Arab Emirates is a federal constitutional monarchy made up from a federation of seven hereditary tribal monarchy-styled political system called Sheikhdoms.
Today, tiny lasers smaller than a pinhead made from alloys of the elements aluminium, gallium and arsenic have lifetimes of over one year.
Transparent solar panels use a tin oxide coating on the inner surface of the glass panes to conduct current out of the cell.
Unlike other species of cannabis, Cannabis ruderalis enters the flowering stage based on the maturity of the plant, rather than its light cycle.
Warnings regarding the dangers of chemicals used in the manufacture of clothing are being sounded in France, England, and Thailand, reports Asiaweek magazine.
When you're on a staycation, you have the time to treat yourself and take a few extra minutes to brew up something special.
While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI.
A cylinder having a right section that is an ellipse, parabola, or hyperbola is called an elliptic cylinder, parabolic cylinder and hyperbolic cylinder, respectively.
Although the apparent value of immediate measurement of blood glucose might seem to be higher for hypoglycemia than hyperglycemia, meters have been less useful.
An aardvark features as the antagonist in the cartoon The Ant and the Aardvark as well as in the Canadian animated series The Raccoons.
An excerpt from a televised Slap Chop commercial featuring Offer is briefly on screen during the 2013 blockbuster Marvel superhero movie Iron Man 3.
A propane torch is a tool normally used for the application of flame or heat which uses propane, a hydrocarbon gas, for its fuel.
As a result of the rushed construction, a scaffolding collapsed on a group of workers on November 17, 1981, two months before the deadline.
As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
As of 2004, state prisons proportionately house more violent felons, so state prisons in general gained a more negative reputation compared to federal prisons.
A speed square, also called a rafter square, rafter angle square, and triangle square, is a multi-purpose triangular carpenters' tool use for marking out.
At the well, Mrs. Bour was greeted by her neighbour, Victor Mikhailovich Polesov, the mechanic-intellectual, who was collecting water in an empty petrol tin.
Climate change in Kentucky encompasses the effects of climate change, attributed to man-made increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
Courts-martial have the authority to try a wide range of military offences, many of which closely resemble civilian crimes like fraud, theft or perjury.
During the early part of his reign, Akbar adopted an attitude of suppression towards Muslim sects that were condemned by the orthodoxy as heretical.
During these Virginia campaigns, Warren established a reputation of bringing his engineering traits of deliberation and caution to the role of infantry corps commander.
Each house of Congress has the power to introduce legislation on any subject, except that revenue bills must originate in the House of Representatives.
Educated combat sports fans genuinely respect boxing and MMA, but let's be honest, there's a large group that would not fit into that category.
Emoticons such as -O-, -3-, -w-, '_',;_;, T_T,:>, and.V. are used to convey mixed emotions that are more difficult to convey with traditional emoticons.
For its use in reducing colon polyps, celecoxib affects genes and pathways involved in inflammation and malignant transformation in tumors, but not normal tissues.
Glaucophyte algae contain muroplasts, which are similar to chloroplasts except that they have a peptidoglycan cell wall that is similar to that of prokaryotes.
In 1984, Bridges and other entertainment industry leaders founded the End Hunger Network aimed at encouraging, stimulating and supporting action to end childhood hunger.
In addition, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have documented civilian casualties from internationally banned cluster munitions used in or near cities and villages.
InfoWars disseminates various conspiracy theories, including false claims against the HPV vaccine and claims the 2017 Las Vegas shooting was part of a conspiracy.
It had a weaker army and a weaker navy, although they had just built four new ships right before the beginning of the war.
I wonder sometimes whether elected politicians really have the interests of their constituents in mind, or whether they are only in it for themselves.
Late on Sunday, the United States President Donald Trump, in a statement delivered via the press secretary, announced US troops would be leaving Syria.
Many specialized tools used in scrapyards are hazardous, such as the alligator shear, which cuts metal using hydraulic force, compactors, and scrap metal shredders.
n the United States and Canada, chicken parmigiana and veal parmigiana are often served as a main course often with a side of pasta.
One of Fiji's principal aims is to make the installation of ImageJ, Java, Java3D, the plugins, and further convenient components, as easy as possible.
On September 19, 2013 the company announced that it would be launching its down payment funding in combination with RPM Mortgage loans in California.
Other studies showed that the frequency of respiratory symptoms in children is directly proportional to the amount of tobacco smoke in the child's environment.
Portland pozzolan cement includes fly ash cement, since fly ash is a pozzolan, but also includes cements made from other natural or artificial pozzolans.
Researchers in nanotechnology foresee a time when doctors will introduce cell-size robots into the bloodstream to find and destroy cancer cells and harmful bacteria.
Saul and his grandmother stay and camp, but once cold weather starts, his grandmother decides they must continue their trek towards their ancestral lands.
So I sold the little house I still had in Waynesboro and used the money as a down payment on a lot and building.
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II; Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
Supersulfated cements contain about 80% ground granulated blast furnace slag, 15% gypsum or anhydrite and a little Portland clinker or lime as an activator.
That was a death penalty case in which we held that the prisoner, Mr. Harurra, was entitled only to relief in the clemency process.
The Apple computer company guarantees its products on the Italian market with a warranty which is limited to one year and which excludes software.
The Creator of man and woman is the Originator of marriage and the family, and he knows our needs better than anyone else does.
The fiddle used in playing Old Time fiddle tunes is essentially a violin which may be somewhat modified to accommodate Old Time playing technique.
The first season of rugby league in New South Wales was held in 1908 and run by the New South Wales Rugby Football League.
There is a gradual change for the better in the situation with regard to the participation of women in local elected councils of deputies.
The Soviets also offered to set up a dispute resolution committee consisting of seven Russians and three Trump representatives, a deal Trump didn't like.
The United States commonly uses the Fahrenheit scale, on which water freezes at 32 °F and boils at 212 °F at sea-level atmospheric pressure.
The violin can be learned in either hand, and most left-handed players hold the violin under their left chins, the same as right-handed players.
The warning signs of early speech delay are categorized into age-related milestones, beginning at the age of 12 months and continuing through early adolescence.
They also seized in his cell a half-empty bottle which contained the remains of the stupefying wine with which the soldier had been drugged.
This election campaign is going to be a hellish mix of vituperative venom, as nasty as a fraternity house bathroom on New Year's Eve.
Yet scientists, with all their increased knowledge and advanced technology, will be the first to admit that they cannot produce a single living cell.
You can import purchase requisitions that are created in a third-party application into Microsoft Dynamics AX by using web services and an XML schema.
About three thousand years later, in 1610, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does.
After lengthy negotiations, on 2.11.2015, GE finalised the acquisition of Alstom's power generation and electricity transmission business, that were integrated into GE Power & Water.
After Queensland had won the 1987 series 2-1, a fourth game was played at Long Beach, California to showcase rugby league to the American public.
Also, NGF has been shown to play a role in a number cardiovascular diseases, such as coronary atherosclerosis, obesity, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome.
Alternatively, Louis' critics attribute the social upheaval culminating in the French Revolution to his failure to reform French institutions while the monarchy was still secure.
And former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, though known for his religious convictions, used a sexually flavored word that The New York Times refused to print.
An explosion of social media has given ordinary people more ways to express themselves, and has raised people's expectations for those of us in power.
Atmospheric scientists have warned that global warming is not a hundred years off but is an immediate problem whose effects are being felt right now.
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (Kriegsmarine) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet sent across the English Channel.
Contacts between police forces in different countries involved in a footballing event shall be coordinated and, where appropriate, arranged for by national football information centres.
Evidence from the Graduate Impact Survey shows that Erasmus Mundus graduates generally believe they have gained valuable and relevant skills and experience from their courses.
Fertilizers are used to provide crops with additional sources of nutrients, such as Nitrogen, Phosphorus, and Potassium, that promote plant growth and increase crop yields.
Firstly, giving gifts to all the members of the family adds to love and affection in it and helps to forget minor quarrels and misunderstandings.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave within a reasonably consistent range; thus, traffic streams tend to have some reasonable consistency and can be roughly represented mathematically.
Governments must recognize that the private sector can provide more than infrastructure financing; it can also offer know-how in the planning, construction, and operation phases.
Ground sharks are the largest order of sharks, and include a number of common types such as the blue shark, catsharks, swellsharks and sandbar sharks.
I am compelled to establish a Dictatorial Government with full authority, civil and military, in order to determine first the real needs of the country.
If both of a child's parents have asthma, allergic rhinitis, or eczema, the child has an increased risk of developing a peanut allergy, reports Prevention.
In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
In Ecuadorian cuisine, sofrito is called refrito, and it is made of Spanish onions, cubanelle peppers, fresh tomatoes, roasted garlic, cilantro, and ground toasted cumin.
In January 2010, the founder, Tavis Smiley, announced that he was ending the event in favour of producing more programs for the Public Broadcasting Service.
In Java, the signature of a method or a class contains its name and the types of its method arguments and return value where applicable.
In placental mammals, the egg itself is void of yolk, but develops an umbilical cord from structures that in reptiles would form the yolk sac.
In round 5 of the 2013 NRL season, Drinkwater made his National Rugby League début for the St. George Illawarra Dragons against the Newcastle Knights.
In the past, early onset of puberty in boys has been associated with positive outcomes, such as leadership in high school and success in adulthood.
Jaws was the prototypical summer blockbuster, regarded as a watershed moment in motion picture history, and it won several awards for its music and editing.
Julius Caesar, following his victory in his civil war and in his role as pontifex maximus, ordered a reformation of the calendar in 46 BC.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender street children are three times likelier to engage in survival sex compared with their heterosexual counterparts, according to one study.
Merkel's loan guarantee comes with stipulations that Kiev cannot use the money to fund military operations in the four hotbed provinces on the Russian border.
Most cases of cystic fibrosis are due to a protein that lacks the amino acid phenylalanine at a key position in the amino acid chain.
No, but thankfully I am that smart, and you three are the twitchiest, shiftiest, tellingest convicted felons in the history of the game of poker.
One of the centerpieces of the economic policy of Napoleon III was the lowering of tariffs and the opening of French markets to imported goods.
One of the felons I have not yet disarmed, produced a gun, fired point blank bullet passed right through the creature like it wasn't there.
Online and social media, for example, have opened up the world for Gen Zers, encouraging them to connect and collaborate with others around the world.
Painting and gluing aluminium is especially important in the aircraft industry, which uses toxic zinc chromate primers and chromating to add the necessary adhesion properties.
Satellites, with their ability to cover and to connect virtually every point around the world, are critical to the effective functioning of this neural network.
Senior doctors at the University of Michigan, Kevorkian's employer, opposed his proposal and Kevorkian chose to leave the University rather than stop advocating his ideas.
"So the Italian poet of the fourteenth century, Dante Alighieri, wrote his famous poem entitled Divine Comedy and called the first part of it "Inferno.
Stepping back for a minute, we should remember that other countries have spent decades far above the 100 percent debt/GDP ratio (Japan) with little consequence.
The advancing contact angle can be described as a measure of the liquid-solid cohesion while the receding contact angle is a measure of liquid-solid adhesion.
The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
The conventional bucket of many skid loaders can be replaced with a variety of specialized buckets or attachments, many powered by the loader's hydraulic system.
The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
The final version of Valve's high-dynamic-range technology adds a significant number of lighting effects to the engine, aimed at making the game appear more realistic.
The handling equipment and hoists are complex arrangements of machinery that transport the shells and charges from the magazine into the base of the turret.
The islands were formed by volcanic activity; the northern group is older and consists of six atolls, which are sunken volcanoes topped by coral growth.
The Nine Consciousness is a concept in Buddhism, specifically in Nichiren Buddhism, that theorizes there are nine levels that comprise a person's experience of life.
The original volcano on the site of Mount Giluwe formed roughly 650,000-800,000 years ago, probably as a stratovolcano of similar height to the current peak.
The painter Paul Gauguin painted a nude portrait of his teenage wife in Tahiti in 1897 entitled Nevermore, featuring a raven perched within the room.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
The Report opens with plea for open debate and the formation of a consensus in the United States about the policy towards the Middle East.
The Roman expansion brought the defeat of the Allobrogi in 121 BC and during the Gallic Wars in 58 BC Julius Caesar overcame the Helvetii.
The TerraMax UVG package is designed to be integrated into any tactical wheeled vehicle, and is fully incorporated into the brakes, steering, engine and transmission.
Though many of the animals in the park are used to seeing humans, the wildlife is nonetheless wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
To determine the identity of the individual who initiated a DoS or DDoS attack on your Xbox 360 console or your computer, contact your ISP.
To select a security model, in the Budget planning configuration form, you can select the security model that will be used by the legal entity.
Transplantation is one option for these patients but less than 50% can expect to receive a kidney transplant, due to a shortage of donor organs.
UK Research and Innovation also announced £20 million to develop a COVID-19 vaccine and to test the viability of existing drugs to treat the virus.
Uncle Grandpa is an American animated television series created by Peter Browngardt that ran on Cartoon Network from September 2, 2013 to June 30, 2017.
Under penalty of perjury, you are the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed.
"Volkswagen and Audi formulated initial guidelines for limiting grey market deliveries as long ago as August 1993, dividing them into "formal steps" and "practical measures.
We cannot escape the prospect of nuclear war unless we all commit to stopping the spread of nuclear weapons and pursuing a world without them.
While association football remains one of the most popular sports in South Korea, the martial art of taekwondo is considered to be the national sport.
You know, when I was in high school, we had to spend a week carrying around a sack of flour, pretending it was a kid.
Action at Member State level is essential involving a wide range of actors from national, regional and local government, network operators, parents, teacher and school administrators.
After a determination by a physician that your eyes are suitable for the procedure, the likelihood of success can be indicated for your level of myopia.
After cutting down a swath of rainforest, soils are often quickly leached of their nutrients so that they cannot sustain crops or nutritious grasses for livestock.
After the politicians had been elected, they threw their election platform into the fire and pondered how they could make themselves rich as fast as possible.
A positive-displacement pump must not operate against a closed valve on the discharge side of the pump, because it has no shutoff head like centrifugal pumps.
Aristotle, a philosopher, theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements; They were earth, water, air, and fire.
As the ISO for the region, ERCOT dispatches power on an electric grid that connects 46,500 miles of transmission lines and more than 550 generation units.
At one time I considered whether I should not declare myself guilty and suffer the penalty of the law, less innocent than poor Justine had been.
A well rounded athlete, the tiger can climb (though not well), swim, leap great distances and pull with five times the force of a strong human.
But in spite of his new hobby, Nick sometimes sits in his room and looks through his albums of stamps (with his earphones on, of course).
By 1909, the McMahon brothers were managing partners of the Olympic Athletic Club and bookers at the Empire and St. Nichols Athletic Clubs, located in Harlem.
By patenting those algorithms, in a complex program that is nothing more than a combination of thousands of instructions, hundreds of patents could be simultaneously violated.
Chinese historians in later periods were accustomed to the notion of one dynasty succeeding another, but the political situation in early China was much more complicated.
Climate change in American Samoa encompasses the effects of climate change, attributed to man-made increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide, in the U.S. territory of American Samoa.
During 1861 to 1862, at the beginning of the American Civil War, Napoleon III considered recognizing the Confederacy in order to protect his operations in Mexico.
Euratom's financing was released last month, but it was decided as long ago as 2011, when the project was unveiled and long before Russia annexed Crimea.
Feeding intolerance, hypothermia, hypoglycemia, and hyperglycemia are all common in infants in the postnatal period, indicating the need to closely manage these patients' temperature and nutrition.
Following his combat sports career, LeBell, along with his brother Mike, ran the National Wrestling Alliance's Los Angeles territory, NWA Hollywood Wrestling, from 1968 to 1982.
For him, the arctic climate of Arkhangelsk was hell on earth, but for her, who had grown up in this region, Arkhangelsk was heaven on earth.
For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
Hot carbon dioxide, unreacted carbon monoxide, and nitrogen from the air pass up through the furnace as fresh feed material travels down into the reaction zone.
However, the rabbit and the cane toad are sobering reminders of the need for caution when humans choose to manipulate earth's dazzlingly complex web of life.
However, very few Royal Navy ships were based near the likely invasion routes as the admirals were afraid they would be sunk by German air attack.
If you're afraid of making mistakes in a foreign language, you will often freeze up while trying to figure out the correct way to say something.
In 1896, Matisse, an unknown art student at the time, visited the Australian painter John Russell on the island Belle Île off the coast of Brittany.
In 2010, the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation after one year of research, revealed that antisemitism was common among some 8th, 9th, and 10th graders in Oslo's schools.
In 2013, the pump lifting river water into the cooling reservoir adjacent to the facility was powered down, with the thermal sink, expected to slowly evaporate.
In addition, the State of Bahrain was one of the three States that achieved the lowest rate of inflation, amounting to 0.2 per cent, in 1996.
In April 2020, the WHO issued a statement representing dozens of vaccine scientists around the world, pledging collaboration to speed development of a vaccine against COVID‑19.
"In May, the band was involved in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 held in Helsinki, and opened the competition with their winning song "Hard Rock Hallelujah.
In the making of the series, the team wanted to focus more on the underground life and Simon's imprisonment but their ideas could not be used.
In the United States, power transmission is, variously, 230 kV to 500 kV, with less than 230 kV or more than 500 kV being local exceptions.
In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
I preferred wearing my Hawaiian T-shirt and green shorts to be cool and different, but I quickly got used to the white shirt and black slacks.
It was beautiful in the country, it was summer-time; the wheat was yellow, the oats were green, the hay was stacked up in the green meadow.
Jails at the time were run as business ventures, and contained both felons and debtors; the latter were often housed with their wives and younger children.
Later in the morning, thousands of civilians tried to enter the Square from the northeast on East Chang'an Avenue, which was blocked by rows of infantry.
Leading researchers in this field expect that within the next decade, nanotechnology will be in use in repairing and rearranging the molecular structure of living cells.
Learning to create interactive media requires conventional and traditional skills, as well as tools mastered in interactive classes (storyboarding, audio and video editing, story telling, etc.)
Leaves may be removed from stems either by scraping with the back of a knife, or by pulling through the fingers or tines of a fork.
Lewis was the seventh Olympic gold medallist to become world heavyweight champion after Floyd Patterson, Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, George Foreman, Leon Spinks and Michael Spinks.
Nowadays a parliamentary democracy that is a constitutional monarchy is considered to differ from one that is a republic only in detail rather than in substance.
Of Chemical's $182.9 billion, the bank held about $82.1 billion of loans, including mortgage loans, other consumer loans, and commercial loans in the U.S. and internationally.
Ozone is transparent to most UV-A, so most of this longer-wavelength UV radiation reaches the surface, and it constitutes most of the UV reaching the Earth.
Plants' source of nutrients is the soil, and the most nutrient rich soil is detritus, a stew of decaying organic matter from a variety of sources.
Primarily aquatic, they eat a wide variety of prey, almost anything they can manage to overpower, including fish, birds, a variety of mammals, and other reptiles.
Rare fauna such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie can be found there, along with many more common species
Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed Political Agents to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas.
Social media has provided Gen Zers an intense connectivity with the world around them, but somehow, according to a 2018 survey, they are still the loneliest.
State Farm Stadium hosted the Final Four of the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament in 2017 and is scheduled to host it again in 2024.
Thai officials say all 12 members of a boys' soccer team and their coach have been rescued from deep inside a flooded cave in northern Thailand.
That means everything has to be put back, said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw.
That, perhaps the sweetness of the evening had inticed the captain to go farther than his usual walk: or he might be detained at some neighbour's.
The 25-pounder was the main field artillery weapon used by British Commonwealth and colonial infantry and armoured divisions of all types during the Second World War.
The atmospheric mixed layer results from convective air motions, typically seen towards the middle of the day when air at the surface is warmed and rises.
The Black War was prompted by the rapid spread of British settlers and agricultural livestock throughout areas of Tasmania that had been traditional Aboriginal hunting grounds.
The clause can be counter productive since experience shows that inclusion of a penalty clause in a bidding document often increases the prices offered by vendors.
The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
The network also imposed new rules on Russia-related stories being published to social, video, editorial, or MoneyStream without going through the chain of command within CNN.
The rapid development and urgency of producing a vaccine for the COVID‑19 pandemic may increase the risks and failure rate of delivering a safe, effective vaccine.
The Report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive towards Iraq and it urges an immediate change of direction.
The second story of the house was removed around the same time but was rebuilt in the 1920s, restoring the house to resemble its original appearance.
The Supreme Court of Appeal is a superior court of record and may exercise any powers conferred on it by the Constitution or any other law.
The vertebral column of the London specimen shows an incomplete cervical series, 22 articulated vertebrae above the tail, five or six sacrals, and 23 caudal vertebrae.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
This is slightly off topic, but the graph above shows why I have been so consistently dismissive of the Baltics' economic performance after the financial crisis.
This visit only confirmed our doctor's suspicion that Peter had an obstruction that restricted the flow of blood to the lungs; pulmonary stenosis it is called.
"Thus, Jesus and his apostles taught that he was "the Son of God," but it was later churchmen who developed the idea of "God the Son.
Tibetan Silver' includes copper-tin, and copper-nickel alloys; zinc alloys; and other alloy compositions, as well as base metals such as iron plated with a silver alloy.
To ensure a good harvest, the farmer regularly pruned the vine to enhance productivity and hoed the soil to keep weeds, briars, and thorns at bay.
Vacuum brazing is often conducted in a furnace; this means that several joints can be made at once because the whole workpiece reaches the brazing temperature.
When a critical infrastructure device is attacked, the federal authorities should be able to arrange with the Internet providers that data traffic is blocked or redirected.
When the excess flow valve is at cut-off position, the flow through the by-pass shall not exceed 500 cm3/min at a differential pressure of 700 kPa.
Zoophiles tend to experience their first zoosexual feelings during adolescence, and tend to be secretive about it, hence limiting the ability for non-Internet communities to form.
A blast furnace is a type of metallurgical furnace used for smelting to produce industrial metals, generally pig iron, but also others such as lead or copper.
A C# namespace provides the same level of code isolation as a Java package or a C++ namespace, with very similar rules and features to a package.
Adolescence is the period of time whereby humans experience puberty, and experience anatomical changes to their bodies through the increase of sex hormones released in the body.
A hydraulic tappet, also known as a hydraulic valve lifter or hydraulic lash adjuster, is a device for maintaining zero valve clearance in an internal combustion engine.
An animated spin-off of the film was produced for Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim, with animation production by the same team behind The Boondocks.
Anyone who has tried to climb up scaffolding knows how, in that situation, one wonders whether the construction, which looks so flimsy, has been put together properly.
A simple popular dinner, especially during the summer, is the Pa amb Oli: Bread with olive oil, tomato, and any available condiments such as cheese, tunafish, etc.
Basically, artificial intelligence is a set of instructions, or programs, that attempts to enable a computer to solve problems on its own -the way a human does.
Beginning in mid-January 2009, Kyrgyzstan's two main ISPs came under a large-scale DDoS attack, shutting down websites and e-mail within the country, effectively taking the nation offline.
Between 13 and 32% of horses, split equally between male and female, also have wolf teeth, which are not related to canine teeth, but are vestigial premolars.
But everyone worked according to his capacity The hens and ducks, for instance, saved five bushels of corn at the harvest by gathering up the stray grains.
Cervical lymphadenopathy is seen in 50%-75% of children, whereas the other features are estimated to occur in 90%, but sometimes it can be the dominant presenting symptom.
Decoction is a method of extraction by boiling herbal or plant material to dissolve the chemicals of the material, which may include stems, roots, bark and rhizomes.
Despite having a relatively low loan-to-deposit ratio, the Greek banking sector has experienced difficulties in accessing liquidity on wholesale markets, leaving it substantially reliant on Eurosystem lending.
DisplayPort is the first display interface to rely on packetized data transmission, a form of digital communication found in technologies such as Ethernet, USB, and PCI Express.
Drainage of the desert is by dry valleys, seasonally inundated pans and the large salt pans of the Makgadikgadi Pan in Botswana and Etosha Pan in Namibia.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they didn't keep a proper distance; These animals are large, wild, and potentially dangerous, so give them their space.
Gen Zers are unlike other generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and instant accessibility of information.
He was educated at Mr. Lake's Preparatory School in Caterham, Surrey from 1875 to 1877; Rugby School from 1877 to 1880 and Sandhurst from 1881 to 1882.
However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
If there were a target zone and the Euro appreciated strongly, the ECB would be forced -like it or not-to cut interest rates and soften the euro.
Indexing is one-based, which is the usual convention for matrices in mathematics, unlike zero-based indexing commonly used in other programming languages such as C, C++, and Java.
In doing so, we found over 600 species of bugs that live in USA homes, everything from spiders and cockroaches to tiny mites that cling to feathers.
In Korean martial arts such as taekwondo and Tang Soo Do, the word hyung or hyeong is usually employed, though in some cases other words are used.
Insects were the first animals to take to the air; Their ability to fly helped them evade enemies more easily and find food and mates more efficiently.
It took him quite a fumbling time to get her luggage checks, to lose them in his pockets, to find them and pick up the wrong pieces.
Jordans use oats which are grown by Conservation Grade farmers around Britain who are paid a premium to create nature-friendly habitats on 10% of their farmed land.
Lebanon has by far the largest proportion of Christians of any Middle Eastern country, but both Christians and Muslims are sub-divided into many splinter sects and denominations.
Leptoxis ampla, common name the round rocksnail, is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.
Many players, brass players, and woodwind players, like oboes, and they had to modify their way of playing, way of thinking, in order to satisfy his demands.
Mulch - for example, a layer of grass clippings or sawdust placed on the soil surface - is also useful for changing the composition of the soil.
Netroots is a term coined in 2002 by Jerome Armstrong to describe political activism organized through blogs and other online media, including wikis and social network services.
"On 10 December, Russian Mayor Yuri Luzhkov stated, referring to events organised around Eurovision, "Entertain yourself, no problem, but not on the streets, squares, marches and demonstrations"(1)."
Results of clinical trials evaluating the efficacy of IGF-1 in type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes showed reduction in hemoglobin A1C levels and daily insulin consumption.
Several nations used horse units during World War II. The Polish army used mounted infantry to defend against the armies of Nazi Germany during the 1939 invasion.
Some deny that there is a link between concussions received playing football and brain damage, so maybe if you decide to play football you're already brain damaged.
Subsistence agriculture is a simple, often organic, system using saved seed native to the ecoregion combined with crop rotation or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
Tempering is a heat treatment technique applied to ferrous alloys, such as steel or cast iron, to achieve greater toughness by decreasing the hardness of the alloy.
The buildings on London Bridge were a major fire hazard and increased the load on its arches, several of which had to be rebuilt over the centuries.
The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
The carboniferous rocks of the Yorkshire coalfield further east have produced a rolling landscape with hills, escarpments and broad valleys in the outer fringes of the Pennines.
"The commissioner said",We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff concessions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020.
The concept of adolescence has been criticized by experts, such as Robert Epstein, who state that an undeveloped brain is not the main cause of teenagers' turmoils.
Then, last summer, Hubble came to the rescue: The team was awarded a whopping 202 orbits of time on the spaceborne observatory to search for a target.
The primary research areas selected by the Commission are well-founded as are also Parliament' s complementary priorities, which are not all mere information technology and artificial intelligence.
The static nature of trench warfare in World War I encouraged the use of shielded defenses, even including personal armor, that were impenetrable by standard rifle ammunition.
Thus in an emergency your body's stress response may save your life, such as when it makes you leap out of the way of an oncoming car.
To recall, last week two other individuals who were passing counterfeit money, which was used by them to pay for things in stores in Petrozavodsk, were convicted.
Using manure as a fertilizer risks contaminating food with animal gut bacteria, including pathogenic strains of E. coli that have caused fatal poisoning from eating organic food.
Widely used for pearl buttons especially during the 1900s, were the shells of the great green turban snail Turbo marmoratus and the large top snail, Tectus niloticus.
Witness the white bear of the poles, and the white shark of the tropics; what but their smooth, flaky whiteness makes them the transcendent horrors they are?
Yes, a Russian soldier was killed towards the end of October, but by the standards of these things Russia's war in Syria had been mostly cost free.
A draft is the use of suction to move a liquid such as water from a vessel or body of water below the intake of a suction pump.
Although many skilled tradesmen from the region volunteer their labor at every building site, members of the local congregation make up the bulk of the volunteer labor force.
Butch and femme lesbian genders were only starting to become apparent in the 1940s, since it started to become common to allow women to enter bars without men.
But, despite this understanding, the major central banks continue to maintain extremely low interest rates as a way to increase demand and, with it, the rate of inflation.
By the end of the Social War, Marius and Sulla were the premier military men in Rome and their partisans were in conflict, both sides jostling for power.
Death penalty's off the table, which I've been forced to accept, but that Ochoa's to be tried in a New York court - instead of a Texas one...
Ever since financial capital began moving freely around the globe, crisis has followed crisis, with the IMF called upon to put together rescue packages of ever larger size.
Every day I try to assess my situation and I conclude that I have food, clothing and a roof over my head, just as Jesus said I would.
For example, armed with artificial intelligence, Hitech was able to defeat some of the better chess players all on its own, without any external, human direction or intervention.
For virus-associated tumors, such as cervical cancer and a subset of head and neck cancers, epitopes derived from viral open reading frames contribute to the pool of neoantigens.
He introduced him to Peter and James, the half brother of Jesus, making it possible for Paul to be accepted fully by the congregation. -Acts 9:26, 27; Gal.
However, new evidence suggests that the Moriori were a group of mainland Maori who migrated from New Zealand to the Chatham Islands, developing their own distinctive, peaceful culture.
In general, the injury pattern in MMA is very similar to that in professional boxing but unlike that found in other combat sports such as judo and taekwondo.
In Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 R3 Cumulative Update 8, a framework has been added to make it easier to apply predefined strategies to the process of building loads.
In the Earth's atmosphere, the atmospheric boundary layer is the air layer near the ground affected by diurnal heat, moisture or momentum transfer to or from the surface.
"Israeli nanotechnology scientists have succeeded in printing the entire "Old Testament" in Hebrew on a silicon chip "smaller than a pinhead", reports the Internet news source Science Daily."
It has many woolly stems and characteristic black or dark brown nectar glands in the cyathia, which are borne in dense spherical clusters, from spring to early summer.
It is believed by some, including John Grant, that both the funding crunch and a shift in the philosophy of educational television programming contributed to ending the series.
Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
Look, setting George Melton aside for a moment, if you were ever convicted of assault of another person, you would go back to jail for a long time.
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still hitting all the notes correctly - also try not to make much extraneous motion with your fingers.
Moore started out as a broadcasting major at Virginia Commonwealth University, and while he originally wanted to study journalism and political science, he chose film in the end.
Nevertheless, for the first time in decades, Italy has a government elected on a platform to shrink government and lower taxes, and supported by a stable parliamentary majority.
Other animals including amphibians, birds, reptiles, and egg-laying mammals have a major difference in their GI tract in that it ends in a cloaca and not an anus.
Our commitment to human rights must be absolute, our laws fair, our natural beauty preserved; the powerful must not persecute the weak, and human dignity must be enhanced.
Pap smear screening is still recommended for those who have been vaccinated against HPV since the vaccines do not cover all HPV types that can cause cervical cancer.
Resigning his commission in 1818, he was engaged as a teacher of Latin and Greek in the gymnasium at Augsburg, where his students included the young Napoleon III.
Some people thought he was right but many people believed the opposite; that the Solar System moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
Such clothing of bones with bodies and breathing into them to make them live reminds us of what steps in the creation of the first man and woman?
The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest, where an alliance of Germanic tribes defeated 3 Roman legions in 9 A.D., was one of the Roman Empire's most humiliating defeats.
The hay came down like a mountain slope to the other end of the barn, and there was a level place as yet unfilled with the new crop.
The QZ bunker was designed by military engineer Josif Zagali, who served with the Partisans during World War II and trained in the Soviet Union after the war.
The roof is made using trusses, or wooden support beams called vigas, that rest on the wooden shoes or the tin can walls placed on the bond beams.
The theory then established the idea that the Maori people migrated from Polynesia in a Great Fleet and took New Zealand from the Moriori, establishing an agricultural society.
The trend is toward using ISO 18000-6c as the tag of choice and combining an active tagging system that relies on existing 802.11X wireless infrastructure for active tags.
The work opens with an orchestral Sinfonia scored for three instrumental groups comprising two trumpets with timpani, a pair of oboes with bassoon and string ensemble with continuo.
Though many myths have been connected to Vlad III in connection with the Dracula myth, most historians agree that Vlad III Dracula never set foot in Castle Bran.
Wall linings in the rooms along the north-west side of the hall retain some original wide beaded boards, while other areas have v-jointed boards or fibre cement sheeting.
Wind-powered machines used to grind grain and pump water, the windmill and wind pump, were developed in what are now Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan by the 9th century.
$400 million just to lock up illegal immigrant criminals... who only got into this country because the ins decided... it's not worth the effort to screen for convicted felons.
After Amenhotep III's reign - and particularly during the 18th and 19th Dynasties - it came into fashion and was even adopted by some pharaohs as a primary crown.
An earlier form of evaporative cooling, the windcatcher, was first used in ancient Egypt and Persia thousands of years ago in the form of wind shafts on the roof.
Arginine's side chain is amphipathic, because at physiological pH it contains a positively charged guanidinium group, which is highly polar, at the end of a hydrophobic aliphatic hydrocarbon chain.
As a result, by September the provincial government of Al Anbar had committed 80 per cent of its 2006 capital budget and 49 per cent of its 2007 budget.
As children reach adolescence, the period of time between age 13 and 19, the dynamics of the parent-child relationship change as peer groups are now the focus of attention.
But fundamentally, trade imbalances arise not from competitive advantage but from choices about how much to save and where that savings should be deployed - at home or abroad.
But manufacturers developed more and more indestructible materials, such as plastics and high-grade metal alloys that do not break down as easily as did some of the older materials.
Charcot-Leyden crystals are microscopic crystals composed of eosinophil protein galectin-10 found in people who have allergic diseases such as asthma or parasitic infections such as parasitic pneumonia or ascariasis.
Fox's mother, Betty Fox, was one of eight people to carry the Olympic Flag into BC Place Stadium at the opening ceremonies of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Germany code-named the attack Operation Sealion; Most of the British Army's heavy weapons and supplies had been lost when it evacuated from Dunkirk, so the army was fairly weak.
In 1942, the 2nd Manchesters was sent to the sub-continent with the rest of the British 2nd Infantry Division, being stationed first in British India, then Burma in 1944.
In this case, 40% of the workers made redundant were skilled in manual work, metallurgy and mechanical construction, and 33% of the workers were classed as unskilled manual labour.
Layton had asked for changes to the conservatives' environmental bill during the meeting with the PM, asking for a "thorough and complete rewriting" of the Conservative party's environmental bill.
Lion prides act much like packs of wolves or dogs, animals surprisingly similar to lions (but not other big cats) in behavior, and also very deadly to their prey.
On 13 December 2005, Murdoch was found guilty by a jury in a unanimous verdict and he was sentenced to life imprisonment with a non-parole period of 28 years.
On June 5, 2012, Estonia passed a law that allows voluntary chemical castration as a part of complex treatment for less serious sex offenders as an alternative of imprisonment.
Prem has already reduced his herd of cattle from five to three, selling two cows to raise money to buy the fertilizer and pesticides he needs to keep farming.
"Roman Catholicism claims to have far more than twice as many members as all "Protestantism," claiming that four out of every seven so-called "Christians" in the world are Catholics."
Science now indicates that this massive carbon economy has dislodged the biosphere from one of its stable states that has supported human evolution for the past two million years.
Since 1966 the Sundarbans have been a wildlife sanctuary, and it is estimated that there are now 400 Royal Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer in the area.
The capture of Moscow did not compel Alexander I to sue for peace, and Napoleon stayed in Moscow for a month, waiting for a peace offer that never came.
The development of perjury law in the United States centers on United States v. Dunnigan, a seminal case that set out the parameters of perjury within United States law.
The forefathers of the Bolsheviks were members of the Russian Orthodox Church, even as the foreparents of Communist party members in France and Italy were children of Roman Catholicism.
The German composer Paul Hindemith wrote an opera about Kepler entitled Die Harmonie der Welt, and a symphony of the same name was derived from music for the opera.
The musical score to 12 Years a Slave was composed by Hans Zimmer, with original on-screen violin music written and arranged by Nicholas Britell and performed by Tim Fain.
The UH-1N's main rotor is powered by a PT6T-3/T400 Turbo Twin Pac made up of two Pratt & Whitney Canada PT6 power sections that drive a single output shaft.
"The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up "prominent landmarks" in Ethiopia and Kenya."
Waste oil furnace is a type of furnace used for heating purposes and is fueled by used oil that is free of hazardous contaminants, as described by the EPA.
While teff is gluten free, a method has been developed to process teff into a flour with a wider range of baking applications, such as for bread and pasta.
A bad harvest, or the prospect of one, would double the price of corn in a few weeks; and the promise of a good yield would lower it as rapidly.
Access to the HPV vaccine by our girls will lead to the reduction of number of new cervical cancer cases and secure lives of our daughters and sisters, he said.
A DoS or DDoS attack is analogous to a group of people crowding the entry door of a shop, making it hard for legitimate customers to enter, thus disrupting trade.
A father who faked images depicting his son as a water polo star has been sentenced to four months in prison for using bribery to get his son into college.
After her divorce from Napoléon, Joséphine received Malmaison in her own right, along with a pension of 5 million francs a year, and remained there until her death in 1814.
A large crowd of Americans gathered outside the White House to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game.
Flaring Technology After putting a F37 flange onto a seamless hydraulic tube or pipe, the tube end will be flared to 37°, what also explains the name of this technology.
From a point on the tangent line to a parabola's vertex, the other tangent line to the parabola is perpendicular to the line from that point through the parabola's focus.
"Her single "La La Love" became a success after competing in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 and was charted in the European countries including Sweden, Spain and the United Kingdom."
In 1971, at the age of 17, Berkowitz joined the United States Army and served in Fort Knox in the United States and with an infantry division in South Korea.
In accordance with Article 4 of Annex 1 to the Statute, the Judges shall elect the President of the Tribunal from among their number for a term of three years.
In inland regions of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in Southern India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
No one wished it so, but we are the first species to become a geophysical force, altering Earth's climate, a role previously reserved for tectonics, sun flares, and glacial cycles.
Now listen, a lot of, in the current financial crisis, a lot of people won't be going on holiday next year to the Caribbean, or indeed anywhere even remotely exotic.
On 1 July, The Tokyo Metropolitan Government confirmed 67 new cases of infection with the novel coronavirus on Wednesday, the highest daily figure since 87 were reported on 4 May.
One of the mirrors in the Hubble Space Telescope is out of shape, and as a result... the pictures it's sending back are no better than those from the ground.
Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia.
Reports from the World Health Organization indicate that in the last decade, there has been a 40-percent rise in both the prevalence of and the hospitalization rates for asthma worldwide.
The animosity between them had begun previously when the ambitious Sulla ran for Praetor, lost, ran again, bought some votes and won, to be ridiculed for it by Julius Caesar.
The artistic event is also part of a campaign by the Bucharest City Hall that seeks to relaunch the image of the Romanian capital as a creative and colourful metropolis.
The city sits in a saddle between the two mountains Machu Picchu and Huayna Picchu, with a commanding view down two valleys and a nearly impassable mountain at its back.
The construction of overhead electrical power lines with a voltage of 220 kW or more and a length of more than 15 km has to undergo an environmental impact assessment.
The large number of breeds of sheep, which vary greatly, creates an opportunity for crossbreeding to be used to tailor production of lambs to the goal of the individual stockman.
The supporting structure of a roof usually comprises beams that are long and of strong, fairly rigid material such as timber, and since the mid-19th century, cast iron or steel.
The volcano shows magnetic high points to the east of its main cone, suggesting that it has normal magnetic polarization that corresponds to an age of less than 700,000 years.
Valleys along the chain of mountains have yielded a water source for important reservoirs and water supply projects such as the Upper Nepean Scheme, Snowy Mountains Scheme and Warragamba Dam.
When we went to bed the night of our arrival in England, we were excited and kept talking about how we Africans had been received so hospitably by white people.
A base is also defined as a molecule that has the ability to accept an electron pair bond by entering another atom's valence shell through its possession of one electron pair.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colorless block of offices that takes its place, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
"Also blogging "forces students to become more savvy about the world around them"; The need to feed the interest of the audience inspires students to be clever and interesting (Toto, 2004)."
At the time it was claimed that as many as 20,000 Cubans had been killed under Batista, but most modern historians agree that the true figure is probably closer to 3-4,000.
Each fantasy football participant contributes a certain amount of money to his or her respective league, which is won by the top player or players at the end of the season.
If I owe a person money, and cannot pay him, and he threatens to put me in prison, another person can take the debt upon himself, and pay it for me.
If it goes too slow, the ECB has earned sufficient credibility as an inflation fighter to make up for it in the future with little if any economic or political cost.
In 49 BC, perhaps on January 10, Julius Caesar led a single legion, Legio XIII Gemina, south over the Rubicon from Cisalpine Gaul to Italy to make his way to Rome.
In harmony with this, may we not only keep on praising the Most High in our prayers but, also, may our everyday conversation call attention to him rather than to ourselves.
It also may have set off a chain of events in global financial markets that has contributed to the collapse of Russia's currency, which plummeted 40% against the dollar in 2014.
Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could sail across the Mediterranean Sea and invade Africa.
Long before The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, Heck and Johnson envisioned a publication that would parody the news and news reporting when they were students at UW in 1988.
MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
Mutations can have a variety of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the piece of genetic material affected and whether the cells affected are germ-line cells.
Neither the flowers nor the earth showed any sign of having been disturbed, nor were there any marks upon the narrow strip of grass which separated the house from the road.
ne of the first priorities of Napoleon III was the modernization of the French economy, which had fallen far behind that of the United Kingdom and some of the German states.
Other low-church Anglicans believe in the real presence of Christ in the Eucharist but deny that the presence of Christ is carnal or is necessarily localised in the bread and wine.
The meaning given today to the word "hell" is that portrayed in Dante's Divine Comedy and Milton's Paradise Lost, which meaning is completely foreign to the original definition of the word.
The pasta is prepared in boiling salted water as usual; it is then poured into the grated pecorino mixed with black pepper, with a little of the hot, starchy, cooking water.
They can see very well in the dark with night vision, and move very stealthily, too; Ocelots hunt their prey by blending in with their surroundings then pouncing on their prey.
While the world was fixated on the dramatic rescue from a cave in Thailand of 12 boys and their soccer coach, potentially deadly monsoon rains were gathering steam in the region.
With the rise of sophisticated treatment modalities such as gamma knife, cyber knife, and intensity modulated radiotherapy, a large number of individuals with brain tumors are treated with radiosurgery and radiotherapy.
Chronic liver disease in the clinical context is a disease process of the liver that involves a process of progressive destruction and regeneration of the liver parenchyma leading to fibrosis and cirrhosis.
Globalization allowed the US to suck up the savings of the rest of the world and consume more than it produced, with its current account deficit reaching 6.2% of GNP in 2006.
Lack of fusion is the poor adhesion of the weld bead to the base metal; incomplete penetration is a weld bead that does not start at the root of the weld groove.
Lower Kula lies between about 1,200 and 2,800 feet of elevation along the western flank of Haleakalā, the dormant volcano that dominates the island's landscape and is the foundation of Kula's backdrop.
Ocelots like to eat small animals; They will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can; Almost all of the animals that the ocelot hunts are far smaller than it is.
Regular announcements in the Metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a wide variety of languages including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Some of the applications in this category can even translate texts in foreign languages on signs or other objects in the real world when the user points the smartphone towards those objects.
The idea of Merry England became associated on one side with the Anglo-Catholics and Catholicism, as a version of life's generosity; for example Wilfrid Meynell entitled one of his magazines Merrie England.
Under the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, the government has the power to compulsorily acquire private land at the prevailing market rate for public purposes such as roads, highways, railways, dams, airports, etc.
When a two-year work period is over, or with a job loss, workers must find another employer willing to sponsor them, or return to their nation of origin within a short time.
A chain pump is made of an endless chain carrying a series of discs that descend into the water, and then ascend inside a tube, carrying with them a large quantity of water.
During the 19th century, jogo do pau was brought to Lisboa by northern masters, resulting in an amalgamation with the technique of the Gameirosabre, growing into a sports competition, removed from actual combat.
During the November 6, 2018 election, Floridians voted 65% in favor of Amendment 4, an amendment to the state constitution to automatically restore voting rights to convicted felons who have served their sentences.
In the hall, as he was putting on his overcoat, that was so like a child's pelisse, he fumbled long in his pockets to find a tip for me, but found nothing there.
In the past, Ukraine had a large military industrial complex that housed the world's third largest nuclear arsenal and served as a base for the Soviet Union's strategic stockpiles of weapons and ammunition.
It's like a two-stroke engine, but it's really weird, because if you want to go in reverse, you press the key and when you do the ignition, the solenoid drops to the back.
Karpatkin, executive director of Consumers Union, says of television commercials aimed at children: These commercials use all kinds of tricks to capture the attention of children, stimulate their imagination, and manipulate their innocence....
Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine features an array of simply seasoned dishes, the predominant flavorings the Javanese favor being peanuts, chillies, sugar (especially Javanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
The International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda have since 1995 been investigating, prosecuting and bringing to justice violations of laws and customs of war, genocide and crimes against humanity.
The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and more seldom gibberish), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong.
The world as he saw it was a fierce and brutal world, a world without warmth, a world in which caresses and affection and the bright sweetnesses of the spirit did not exist.
We might illustrate things this way: Suppose you were asked to go to a busy bus depot or a train station or an airport to pick up someone you had never met before.
What measures will the Commission take to ensure that this Directive is properly applied in the case of Valencia zoo, so as to ensure the protection and welfare of the animals kept there?
After the 2010 World Cup in South Africa - a country where peace has taken root - and before the 2014 tournament in Brazil, it will be time to select the host for 2018.
By applying EMAS, individual organisations and institutions explore concrete ways to measure and reduce the environmental impact of various activities, for instance energy and materials use and travelling by car or railway or airplane.
Decision of the Board of Appeal: Upheld the appeal limited to Class 41 for "film and television production and distribution services" and allowed registration to proceed for the remaining goods and services applied for.
Here, it is φ latitude, λ longitude, and t time, ωa the angular frequency of one year, ωd the angular frequency of one solar day, and τ = ωdt + λ the local time.
In other parts of the world foie gras is served in dishes such as foie gras sushi rolls, in various forms of pasta or alongside steak tartare or atop a steak as a garnish.
Its long jaws were studded with more than 70 razor-sharp teeth, along with an extra set in the roof of its mouth, meaning that there was no escape for anything that crossed its path.
These are, in principle, those Member States where the average temperature for a majority of their territory is below 12 °C for at least two of the three months of June, July and August.
As above, for e = 0, the graph is a circle, for 0 < e < 1 the graph is an ellipse, for e = 1 a parabola, and for e > 1 a hyperbola.
The stability of the airplane shall not, however, be such that excessive demands are made on the pilot's strength or that the safety of the aeroplane is prejudiced by lack of manoeuvrability in emergency conditions.
The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 km/s (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole.
The U.S. must import 89 percent of its platinum (used in processing crude oil), 90 percent of its chromium (used in armor for tanks) and 98 percent of its manganese (used in making high-strength alloys).
Historians use the term in a nonderogatory way to refer to people of Muslim background who converted to Catholicism and stayed in the Iberian Peninsula after the fall of the last Muslim kingdom there in 1492.
However, tetrapod material in the earliest stage of the Carboniferous, the Tournaisian, remains scarce relative to fishes in the same habitats, which can appear in large death assemblages, and is unknown until late in the stage.
If your blog has been blocked by Google because it violated the Blogger Content Policy or Google's Terms of Service, you may see a warning [Warning] in the My blogs list next to the blog title.
During its service the tank proved to be not entirely adapted to winter conditions, due to an incomplete draining of the cooling system, caused by a water pump system that had been modified to reduce engine height.
Among other things it reports that in pulmonary embolism, such as a blood clot in the circulatory system of the lungs, less than 50 percent had been diagnosed correctly; the errors ranging 10-89 percent, depending upon the series.
The dinner was frugal, a plate of soup, a dish of meat, fruit, cheese, and half a bottle of wine; but Philip paid no attention to what he ate. He took note of the men at the table.
The duly completed and signed form, together with supporting documents, should be sent to the following address: Registry of the Civil Service Tribunal, L-2925 Luxembourg (telephone number: +352 4303-1; fax number: +352 4303 4453; email address: tfp.greffe@ curia.europa.eu).
The general government deficit for 2008 was revised to almost 7¾% of GDP, up by 4 points compared to the January 2009 update of the stability programme and 2¾ points of GDPs compared to the April 2009 notification.
Money market instruments cover those transferable instruments which are normally not traded on regulated markets but dealt in on the money market, for example treasury and local authority bills, certificates of deposit, commercial papers, mediumterm notes and bankers' acceptances.
For materials and articles intended for or brought into contact with all other types of foods SML(T) (2) = 60 mg/kg of food or food simulants or 10 mg/dm2 of the total food contact surface of lid and sealed container.
Within the meaning of Note 3 to Section XVI, the principal function of the camera is the capturing and recording of still images and, therefore, the product is to be classified as a digital camera of subheading 8525 80 30.
Even standing amidst thousand year-old ruins it is easy to bring to mind the sounds and smells of battles long gone, to almost hear the clatter of hooves on the cobbles and to smell the fear rising from the dungeon pits.
It is not acceptable to have people say today that Eurodac is going to be used to record the fingerprints of asylum-seekers and minors, and justifying this on the grounds that it is easier than taking DNA samples is beyond belief.
The investments are in steel processing (panel production and section construction; conservation) so as to be able to build and handle larger steel constructions (sections) and in extending the ship lift by 40 metres to allow the lifting of longer ships.
Appropriate use of blogs can empower students to become more analytical and critical; through actively responding to Internet materials, students can define their positions in the context of others' writings as well as outline their own perspectives on particular issues (Oravec, 2002).
In connection with its communications to the Council and the European Parliament of 20 September 2007 and 21 February 2018, the Commission has presented an action programme aimed at combating the global problem of HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis and identifying various strategies to be implemented.
Where source materials such as micro-organisms, tissues of either plant or animal origin, cells or fluids (including blood) of human or animal origin or biotechnological cell constructs are used in the manufacture of veterinary medicinal products, the origin and history of starting materials shall be described and documented.
On the other hand the Commission, to ensure an effective monitoring system with regard to virus testing and the establishment of standards for virological and bacteriological contamination, presented a proposal for a Parliament and Council Decision on reference laboratories for monitoring bacteriological and viral contamination of bivalve molluscs (2).
Since the investment in the pipeline is closely related to existing and planned investments in production capacity for ethylene and propylene and for ethylene derivatives, the aid confers an advantage not only with respect to the transport, but also with respect to the production of ethylene and its derivatives.
Given the long delays before several Member States publish quarterly estimates of their national accounts see the answer of 22 December to Written Question E-3426/00 (1) what proportion of EU and euroarea GDP is generally taken into account when Eurostat publishes its first estimates of GDP growth in a quarter?
where a contract is awarded to a winner of a design contest provided that the contest has been organised in a manner that is consistent with the principles of this Chapter, and the participants are judged by an independent jury with a view to a design contract being awarded to a winner.
